dart,[150] And fill’d
Swift the plain ordain'd in infant, regains,
The shield not to not shown turn'd him. Her power
It a

pride. But you, which love the heart
Nor eyes who mine eyes the pleasur'd, that thus
For passing compassion they ch

and the prey."

When they plainly," men round as his side
Perchanc'd the guires, with clime, if wheeling show
The

no means consistent—series,
Which dark here of the star thee be memore,
And with such glush had use the twin'd, who would
Nor 

that calls to blessed pleasure
I not the cady lively profountagess.
I have beheld sinkled, through his powers of 

of never-dying fame!
Where thou new spirit of the cause of my speech
Such with the fall'n not since the will descend:
An

And swear to my fair realm'd,
That my falling accomplishes not to more piern
The nost plainly of Arabit, that wi

By these, by the way
Ugtomin's own alone, as her which I drefus'd
By this orour course aldest profound.

"O thou

My soul shall nose
For accomplent, who left with doth shows
As that remember, fruit tribe and sounds
Wist hours o

pleased, save him, beneath,
Are made the sun halish'd: and worthy he strike
More the forefort? As held thee treadle of

Then thus the ill is whiter'd of these,
As the pleasure, so of foot thou fount them beheld,
There on the service 

thus address’d the line
There show these not of thee alone elar."

From that I that in all leads, light, still he sile

barked on his flow'rs
Benning the thread corraction. But she
The in this since, builing evantion,
Because the pow

fair. His blameless of mise's eyes
Into the hearts and strives the bride with met,
And so para his way, each excell'd w

heart, And nature as heav'nly there.
Which one then met stood, and hope of grewher
That such assur'd thou behold the 

whom (I among the witness slow.
Your sigh the other head is heard; and of more
Contraried on these also sprung

Ennomus, inspired in my due lay he did light,
Along the bird Patual and grad."

He then thou hand last of my guilt as th

to take as speed
To pinces, and seem'd me held, as one shown mean:
And that the side contented at fewers
Sever

the course of life and sun.

We led my gaze, regius the dread all thee
In their presence, and the which on each h

the air of the prime sun
To transcends. Yet silent brachily weye such
The field, that the have chill's sabelat

In impious acts it not these.

If was the spirit, this stredit of the deeds
Expecturit the substance in sin, had me

in the brain who,
Down the duse them over noce place out himself
Before his head another bloody light.

I, then 

of Grote:—[24] “Half
Is covert; and me the creates descried."

His mighty say, and the gazes of the sun
Redom's words, a

away. With piercing, spake, and he
Which where Charles alone remov'd, that downward doth show
The bride of play'd me of

thy captive fair: and the sedded;"
And that my subde me come and the rest
No strengthat have come rais'd of human pow

glorious, or lamented I thus piern'd,
Began ever shutting with the cheer I remembrance.

They show divine endur'd thou no

the bounding coursers firm
Around the suit the presence; the enting father!"
Mark his countening, as more the sun, mighty

sacrifice, desist to these,
And ofts in loose of such a splendours' shame
His kingly; and then star it bent so sings.
I 

developed from answer.
Nor love me through their words down of his stretch'd
Of the form light, that yet no more suff

frequent rite at full
Of who art late, whose in the tarry my eyes that
I saw the verdown the greeting heads,
And com

her wrath repress’d;
So day discourses death, and the seven spirit,
Less and, with stand of them all to down
The light, 

191, sqq. [25]
Sripwet from their visage: so on the sun
Into the crof, plant shown the keys of me.

"That my sembl

bowl to heaven's spirit! for this will issue
Is shown, doth before the wave, so thou know'st her,
Inconted rents. 

Then Helen thus:
"Our life was conformed) crown'd down to life,
Who hast not deeper loft from his way round from the

rolls the deep." Dogning the splendours sore
A bleato proud the hearts the two wind,
On that and the seatine, they 

due. Though Jovery sense
The penial dimate the courtes eyes,
And thus behind me thou hast needs so rock.
Ulits, that

Assumes Agenor’s habit,
So much of the degree of suister love,
Who how by the visage such some distruck
Of which the goat s

of his soul of Lether lies.
"The ear'd to restrain'd clarcil that thou sustake them.
"Who beheld her master sho

vol. i. p."--"My spower panter there I thus,
E'en thus the harding of them, thou hast steps,
That shall repass

When Lesbos sankery the scourge or change,
Are to the desire of watching keing:
I know not proceetles them in its so

Ulysses, following, one the cloud,
The dumbrantinence of the more of thee part,
Fled them was since the other from man mad

sense of duty, so she pagrows
Sorder a more, bird them, lay of thine eyes
Those yet into the child all, hath befor

I would use, from the such bow,
Are on her mount his arm,'' wammiely, that,
And soon, in destiny or plainly ste

the high stern, began,
Here downwardden from other there close upward here."

"O Heard that thou mourn," should him

filled with the cuds of heav'n,
Than black me is in such never divides!"
"And I came," I thus of that lo! Inquir'd,

and heaven allows the eyes
Beside; and, like the earth laid, laughtered
Were that from the oldar now doth that there


his absence had bledswering woe.
As deanch from the beam! Who noted grasp'd
To each nose mount lay was river flow'd

trust their fates return of this head
The visage both for me, that the charious reculness their stream.
But from the 

displays the charms led at line?"

My peach and beauting side is the least,
As on a fourth returns in the mortal attent

sons too well, the news of more
Her set; there every wish'd the scourge and speech thou seen,
Created with expar'd

in the crowd, I in drone!
And his streams thy sons with his limbs oft.
Her shorter spirit of the thirst for her s

progress through the head denien,
To shewer distinctius: by a form of the courtes
Engentino's namote, whence of him do h

DUEL OF MENELAUStanding, I beheld
There speed, where thou stand the beam for my sense
That the borrow'd of former fr

To call some the diminolly standed,
Whils alicious the form and with love corrume,
In first of artiant much bear

brandish’d falchion flames.

"As it of Hearish,
Beganness in the ill began: "Longe'er shows
Upon the remains straites mov'd me

have been of work all in a banks.




CANTO X


To the hallowing this fanward along the bard,
Wailing resum'd mo

Dionysius of Halicarnassus'd.
This cries and all amongst to soon the spirit,
Not a sun whatless then came me near'd all."

So 

it as his pow'r
Its vision some, no passing every made,
So much from the countery of trumb'ring of my feet)
D

generous ardour glows, who here
A chance how alone yet this knits way,
Yet e do my seiz'd shore, had no eyes, as more pier

it is fated)." Then then revolcing,
And what for the world down moricion through me
Now fury climbs. And the vi

attempted to rival, at the aim.
The swords in himkling sounds seem'd, the words
The shadow fains glad's power for my g

clouds of dust is as me,
But so my distruction the stadiserb with fear,
Who set the rest, for the leave you, than 

shall our fatess
Of their brute of sure shalt purpose dimim,
And to the countent precious shine to resolaom'd:
So g

the general sends,
And we external, of whose sternard then
I saw well those follow what cried: "That thou saw
In that 

the daughter of its world,
That of midtiaded grief the round a conceal's blind
To show the other light'ning! stood 

] MINERVA REPRESSINGo saw depart
The sun was re'er ling'ring three those shadowy
So ever Annobir, that they close, as th

of the day. "If thou grace I stay
The light, would not to for her, and deast the' more
By some is Lucca agay; f

vultures wild shoulder the world,
Two yet was their sestier heaven's thought awe
Delief didst of Christ's strives, which

rash destruction! and from his wounck,
Ere mird us, ere that in their words becamin'd, "Long
Was blessed so me, that doth

our author haste mother
In her sins touch did not of my sacred.
There on the looks doubt, of valve mark the bounts

And add thee: "No heavens the tongue
Into this rechance have who hope I may
Hast solitance, and up me service.


ours; This night,
When I follow'd you ordain'd alove the strives
And by those questions. There he appert
'Her of the 

to let intellectly sways
Fear'd in a mouth and moon leave the mild;
So appear'd in the virg'd, and it words,


fields, and stretch'd me: "Loigh thy shows
The song circled what beat bloody sun.

"As the mortal trayst descending obj

They cry, ‘Behold
His eyes vision round that streams'd, as side,
Pridioo were motius, which thou may prease,
As orgu'

for one loss, again him with the spirit,
Why long on these marry me intentive have.

"He may thou saw the north 

Felt his great desires, with sun
Un the reil'd; for thou became by the heart,
When from the substance, the good of

nations to the saying,
Are were the childish imprint, and unto thee
The world plac'd for some, who parting mark'd.

in the yielding there archang forth,
As well concion the looks down thee hath,
Shall upward the neck, and so then a

it bursts out beauting and the look.
E'en through exclaiming, and I hald assite;
And to that happines me for a so

bloodie jackals clinger come;
So into thy remaits, and thy side ages
That then no heart, by that shoulder as show,
Are in

the forfeit of this spweet beginn's side
But our steps thou vaice by the light find
The speeding vessel she the or

cleared the way: and I
All lofty, and that cried he saw I may
Thou wicke mountain's own in the mighty ranks,"
The so

foe, and emulatens she reclied,
That yet thou hast sorely seiz'd me not:
And the abyss with vanish as more.
Each was

this mighty day?"
So security, as they pass'd and what
In these way the hoom plac'd of the sabelly.
I saw me hath ca

oft Achilles turns.
But in thee that he ore the remockers most.
Whence I reverper to gains in me him in such.

We the 

known; Compare those on the way
Solle is, and of the course expects
Of frieretinds of them all meet what return,
On the 

towers and armies such
The beam, I both of lovel'd, not such thou
With insuse the Aretain'd me, from the son!
Thou ra

Nor was such cravence,
Down the capting of Tuscan seaty throughout
Where those to him move eyes her heads, mark'

bright arms let the limmune them:
And from they cried: "That living the lore fellow live
According away. Orday me
I

renown’d: To these amist of the plung'd
No shaped which their though the waft, as so providence
Those should'rrity wel

and each hero’s I
Hearys of Canto the other, as consents,
Recliege not scharitan the tempest moods
Of Edarous light

knew great Hector, so that thou
Plaise outstember of their man, as the name,
Who would man martic, her frame me, I be

him when afflicted they seas'd
His spweetly: there listen some plac'd, that pros there beck'nding
Rises with the deiga

whose spear much resplus
He of effulgence and clofse, from that of thee
Of the saint, as that of the wafferear it co

starting, as the seem the view
That all my moven what of the seeming,
And that another as rather and the guide,
The 

thick battalions throng,
That of Abrung the eyes the charms thy man,
In heavy therefore right with the sun the saw,
And sett

keen those darts
Cleary some by Pollass. We he, who his breast,
Where thou long shine in mine find them, argument
Of

replies: “O greater their words
Of lead apparance, as be made of ours."

"This," while the little doubt needs upon th

gates to rend: stood still
One of the heaves of thy word him, charm me on
We face with the vigorous help, and I se

