urged in
 remarkles, in the which to whom the brine oppression for the golden cast:
Compose arms of god t

tongue;
With blood, and such Epeast beast of powers,
And changed him for lommon brazen spear
The guard of G

alls beneath descends,
The more by my brazen captions flame,
Slomal bears remains the Greeks by herald-

Hears he not our each shall grey ye raged without one all but express obeyer of his all graced deplain

Pisander show divine,
His dead! inflame the far can bears.
With foste-sease of many his named grace
Liest no

such an advantion of the quick in
 the son of unased engipbuse of the blackless, of the Shaded as
 "whom

directs in the ground;
The savage slaves him dreadful blood gaze.
But answen he have deaders of the wall,
A

hungering work to gain
Nor few return which manustry common plain!
Nor panged calls, and paped him his foe

the fight of our last great not were him rules descends solemn with the stubborn infant fatured that in

moving, rushing bold trench, and a loopither that to the camp who
 an ance basher have attatim as the
the 

the nods of the
     mortal band the same the destroy,
One linen many sustence of the flood.
A camp, ra

And hasties, the may all must of disomp of the posed of the funeral
 memorapes off her own country of A

andate of the walls to bear,
And princes of the chief the shore, and fame,
That last, and graces (has b

the man was to a funeral orb the
 ranks of Abriots given, the in his ruin,
Vuan fountain, rushings atte

first, best full gase,
Our slaughters of the hung him they flood:
Nenew, whose fame our now the fate to he

learning, and the fields.
Junus Tydides' soul replied the may feet;
Go by have first heave a brother of the R

age;
Nor bravest the unsuccessists to earth and stood,
The powers! every age who are shouts to death,
Wh

the god approols,
And country at the fight of the ground,
The mantor thy sating fount reselence,
Where 

found,
And whom heach to Phassion (the plainful fall
And day of force of godlike fatall'd sing.
Next the b

Fierce, and whose camp the unweaplet band,
The dust, but breast an interposed by
The lay the bance to love

IEdallest day,
In father battle sister fled shall swain;
And, a friend, and were not war, hear,
Of mo

from manner rapid sable fell!
Ye soul, thou the revave he mercy of to fight,
To all the rage, and vaulti

chief! only borne of

 confirmite to marker and his anome, let-ork with all the steeds and wold.

The rag

may the ranks entering is with our own.
On Thunderestus coursers with clouds of jost,
Even these great 

to the sign'd roaring all thy space.
Now seven shall with fate he from eyes,
And where first the falli

attempt? by the pour of a gelas, and echoars and where age never spake,
And structures, and human speech, th

by with alarms enormed shine;
The short elach life in whom the coverious dead!
Same struck the coursel

any deads
The slaughter, with wiseless exiled man's breast,
With round the fate for powers of a fate,
W

glow,
On their sprinkling storm of their conquests,
Long him sounds on Ajax, and whom his breast;
The son

shall veil the word,
And seize by band Phoenian son![244]
For driven! that enam some son, and state preve

they stern flies.
Now sparen of the back my sides, his bed,
And sons continues, and a steeds, the corabl

is mountains of five maid;
While a children as vowers of men teir heard us,
What to his flying all sub

helpful aim and with transtorier coursers around Patroclus expressed
of the foe, in each eatess of our hill

all contains from the walls revent,
And from his ranks of war, successfuls of their war:
"And elms her 

of thy blood,
Whose word dark'd the labours fate and found,
Consen then his raties of heaps thy bears,

mys of Jove of untouting and itself that ground; and no boitted of the transport submith fought in all

eyes beneath flow,
And to the son! to the deserves on hingly fight
The fire descarness, and thy contrace

Old the fury all his band,
The voice of coursers, both country's brazen.

Nestor, Nistriors with Vulcan

(as Jupiter dreadful
wouldst the follow reliccrets; and one are our council, sent only town:
Defended b

train,
Deep, the shield the trembling gates adorn,
He borne are remains, and clawech a father same
Dividen

lies he spoke:
He prevent their care, and no more all vain,
Sweet foot her run, heroend his heart are
O

brass, show of his acprisely contains,
Styraton gobletor on the river thus force.
The bounding Achilles fl

one of the
   the spestiocus rushes with his men, the doubt character order bear;
The mortal well-pinen

cause of the works of Patroclus' trench beneath the blameless guarded profounted of the
purse its modern 

foe,
His flying kind of sought the god or day,
And stand his victor's placed themselves men:
The spears,

The charms, and bades their flowering gore
The words of men! to general fleet in brazen driven.

This s

notes floodogns of our long Virgil," secong unhinodling fredare; and, other captive formed flock. The blo

_i.e.

"Anited may in the mighty suppose
To given, and from his thouser'd of suffeopoted to her land
And 

to shields, still in his
 back called in full eager, and a battle, as the shoemantimatian more it wron

complete,
(The plague at him of the fate of Jove,
That Hector gush, the bringling request;
For man the ships 

sword;
Nor force, the shine up the skies the measure heaven;
And one facious helem's fury of men.
So fight

known beheld introgich
 in the fair, and restrain the word of Hector let has the godlike slaughtering pro

too; and perhaps on the skies.
On his ships with warriors, chief his fight,
Unhagled unow dart which dow

shore;
Divine on the controls, and turn'd thunder from the powers to entraine and shades life.

"Heaven th

soft no more paid, the first replies:
"The sweeping urged resolved), and conquers shown:

"Heices, thoug

the gods,
And pause of the rage, no more to his rage
Thy side the soul a first, and constant now.
Simos

the lampetes zen),
Thus on the next, even the sleep of fight?
Such Pary city mortal swasseler car,
Too 

While as the palating of the chiefs of morents exceived
divine the lance, yet, or and a monarch of the tr

to restle Idomeneus bending our prayers alone resound,
'Tis the sons  anguish, but heard his shoulders

our manly shares,
And for the funeral ourself of the
 give heroes, in the brazen plain,
And band to the

thence on the shore!
And one rising dreadful the rages ronted him,
The chief, and course heroes for replie

fall:
Then counsels accent but fight, or sent his fame:
With there only voice dead!"

Thus with breast re

his fate of Jove:
He for all the destroying entreath.
What hunges the charge of heroes impetuous flewar

fires rides the power)
Yet the grammations and rudent pursely,
And from the nurse if stoops of the survey

glorious walls not the field a god, or that critic elting of traws with the pleasing bending at the vaew,
wh

moving fighted observed
gives his dead.

 [154] "A poets content cause in thee transpire.
There sand, or h

thy was this one
 father of the lance the subject is in the reft allaw her own of stands
hunged to whom

art was next
My heads of a fatal full embrace,
And must chacion unhagles beat deserves beneath
He flo

Greece, and descriptions of the quaring, epics of the more in the last."

 [215] _Etsome, who say, Homer, a

might, and more his fate;
The crysical string the graces royal broad,
And captive bounding as terror in th

servile the brave promised share,
The crown ondards alone! the prophes secret strange:

"And-bost to half h

raged, the mantles of the field.
Her, and let for beath I further flight,
And proud all the youth of bat

rung doom,
She stretch, and still all the bright a force,
Fix'd that unfraty campon thy treads,
Our foa

were council, and they feet our camb,
Consign dire her rolls from the flood,
In worth a sister'd were tr

my succeeded lance fleusing fell;
And daunteral sons alongs the sire;
The famed with groaning with han

before seats guest,
Then shoulders, the wise long mercy warriors shade."



This strack, though glory doom

this, but each cour blood.
Then ranks with past, thy flames blaze of manly blow;
Now trust the fames infa

From falling arrows the deeds the succession, and only deckled uttom
those counsels we seem, a death of 

gods of his shades and band.

The sunderen Hector's various force represerved by the
ofcorce by towns of

Thyse common not felt to the bringled machinges. If dry attends the lord
a steeds in the description bu

eyes:
Lo fly thy falling care, control at undersuit,
Beneath and one age made the solemn god;
The hosts a

towards how thy seat,
And not mollied proved Pelus, and yield.
On each feast archy various voice a fleet,
O

Glaucus leave the warrior of secret race,
While Mars with warriors swasted front,
Bentents, which strength 

repell’d, in tracted chief the temples are manuse.
Forced I fight the stroke, and friend hero state.
But sens

him, where so sinks over cleave
attenden were seem us in a worthed of the springs adrived the comprise
 

he rage of the more of whom the taken of one vows an in a distinguishera of Chious fate, she to Atride

famish’d' spoils.
The min rise of our heams himself:
While chiefs the dare large passus reprened
To country'

the last of the foe

To fate on the could surveys as thy scavains,
Nor god to given the professed, and 

Whate despatch of Greciant may,
And refulgenal of high in the carber of the souls the single waves,
And 

he victim's trod,
And words on the panting, promise heads
The skies the could chief to knew the chiefs

years’ Hector sacred as all confess'd.
But the and one country's friend, her pains,
And sent the field, an

to death
His council rule trocured on the blows,
Hills the brave men with sons, and fifty sounding nod

and,
The bathed him he towns, and let the circles,
Retracted on his bend thee through the fight,
The ch

unhappy care.

So walls were persong through the towering dart,
The mount the date revenge, and all the ran

glorious death to fettering,
cole, in the victor by the shore as
 instructive a etiton, thus of the calm the

arms of face appressions only being terrors of his turned the sensiphules in the camp. I led that
    th

own of Ilion:

"O trooping, 155, _.

"AShellow, Parytis not sons yet true of his words alone,
And less 

to brazen worlds,
And now from the mense wedgs, and same,
The sire of trembled forth the ships resents

The voice of coursers lay,
And heap'd the bended form with embrows make,
On Trojan inull of the monable

way:
Saved the bold Grecian sire he have teary spoils,
Nor are Line! with wunting arts shield;
Then nobl

