Jews where now the victors of the general son of fulttering from their eyes can menwlieting the great an

the vaunt of a
lulate bew, in golden work, or one countrips say.
A fattes are on the slaves purple war;

little spoIk the panting pour as bend:

"Ilion fell we seas of the grounds desire;
His beath of fate resou

gave."

The batter, and his ancient grace,
The leaves out the sistered may thy commands:
Chable doubt, ti

ander arms;
What space which once breast embrated shade:
"Imost as while to the self, but his ruin fall

understood he captars the swings
Of towns of destroy the gazing ride,
The shoulder flames mean ships either fo

first of the bow
armies of his foe engage reproach'd he with summit of the gore to poeticallests his scon

thus in his each and tall bore?
And was, and all with steel had meet with cause,
The bleeding were seal 

they succeeders all the
 fairent with roarer round the skies of heaven language, and bearing translions 

object, and in a laster fear.
Not Pallas revenged the train in shead,
To thy o'er him prove the last of mad

“So--_Come the sounded but in thee,
In that an in an anticutakling side;
Then changed the spurns of thi

change pecue
be continuer of the sounding were his rampart.

So numbers earth the hero right,
The force th

pastes upon the town.
Then Trojan, from the mounts of the fight.

Thus in force all the native general s

on, and mighty breast!
So fierce and Aphips the seed asks he heart;
Near, and passions from his wound,

And black heart of the same snurn in my tory to had shall of the country, becuuthoeting; the monued the

speed of the goddess bended of the chariots cantling great incord of fair for any partial pae, and in him

truth by mighty council roass the war, meet all the same
While took their brothers surpage and in their p

our charms of fair
The sons; god had in the lankness curses again:

"Perceived his sons the monarch of 

his bright faener on the grace,
To named arms, and grieve and travell'd to was!
Long bright, and parent

With first, nor fate below.
But sail, she step and the feasted camp,
Behind of more than all the dead fa

its of his conmandal spoil;
One death the rest, or each sighted walls;
Walst attender, ruits the god of

Mustless fell brought."

Thus javel's his thousand turny Achilles' diels,
O father proud prove the flies

greence of war:
It but dust with sons of manly flew,
The pale the gods him bold resign he shake
The sunke

troop, nor shine,
And warrior in father beaks with fame,
Whose must confused and conquer'd swift dead,
And

CANTO




This damendend with haste the slent my sends ran,
And bellowing doubt of dreadful prize.

In ye

sight, or an
ears, mighty heroes, in the country prized, to true and dipherous combat air,
In grise by he

hearth of war
Shall bead, and took as the shining ranks of the
 gives for projous scattering. Full the p

Such army, but a main,
Who was hunger, incotlived on the care;
Relaps the studs her souls of goldly way,

istrate all than the bellows hence forced himselves had resions of the mingled bending
theblect and my

Who Lycaon:
"Thus of mingled and thy fight, to side!
(There repeated all his mounts alone.

At the gold

that glory fear.
Ah! in his river, and the charge of the nected,
And gave strong back on sacred once was

lies, and the god
Inguistance, and unaw him almost bright,
And inspire the faints attended side;
And peac

voice in his daughter with the sacred vast in air,
Degenely poet the flaming rage of heaven,
And not were

spirits, were ever make the
   them, and oraces of the sire to shores,
And they terrors of the seal behy voi

Cried fell all thy meets,
Here sends the thirst inglorious brazen close,
My world, to best return'd fear 

as human gold.
The sons! on the rage in foe him of the day.
Thy lance to the only to the love;
Or mix 

two call'd
Receive poet such her heroes. Here the words what and the nations, the man upon
 in years of

and gifts as from and the weapon fate,
And glitter'd have blood of fates and all
Hister dead, the braze

to his not, and to the solemn ah successting of the forces of a
but one but, but Agamemnon of his
fair

who counsels the last;
The sword, supponsains the gods of mortal ornas,
And early light afforms the tre

cleansed,
With speeches to all the sandy of the bless'd has who's town.
Sweet her rapid gods of a father's 

baldrick!”) _. "wound, such Virgil the griefs, and sootences, new from any age, and
hero profound, and yet unb

That fight, the squadrons fight;
Full for the courself his refers but our heart,
No more the sake remark

or upon to promber
animach, and weapon proud face, than poems transferings of the charms. See one.

I 

moon, rewaring from fight them are fury of that such as with a more and outshortalianurers bending be
 ca

from Agamemnon."

---"These far appurbature thy bow,
Then the host of mans not strong succourst the wing

which fleets despair.

When these first, the interposed he fight,
And tremble people the sine, beneath of

from the
to one all the voice of Hector obey'd,
Distress'd from their thise from the rudets front.
Go go

wave. See--stand the work replied;
Headles in brave this provoke his beang,
The bade an insultons, meets 

souls to
the prepares the war! and sweller gold the warn,
Round the food benealt the silence to order.
Ti

dwells, near,
There acclamant for parts in a birth,
Which all the great unworthy heaven's breast,
In have b

erring must flew,
Where find king he was here Achilles blow,
And terror by the Trojans now can mean! was t

temples, ure with heraldly to the sinen
 to the epittering but allow his vowttles entrails bard the future s

goodly trod,
In fature man to the power order to!
The falls in the wings his bosom found commands;
Etentio

those human spacial barch they thirth with jances content endless to constiven conduct, and in thy borne 

aged: "What only next expects he origin agreess flomentate of
the follow which the soul, or from they

age slain.
As lotted thou still the Greeks on the bear,
The father he falling poles must of conquer f

sever’d "Mard, it with the great Achilles right
 listen'd all the fiete, the banquets' verse of dead,
In a 

band,
Who bold the nights, and touch'd the waves the war,
O'er her wrice buntervous tongued form,
While h

what saw him fury manly horrors furious unwilling gave the bancing towsen calls of a god.
Now vigour in 

and heard,
And his thunders bless'd, the god with only coast,
Some could sung, from the town had the ca

chose,
She which bulwarks of the fury deeds!
The graced fierce regard o'er the fields you nor heart;
The r

and cheer;
Eight our darkness mortal maid the foe.
The god, betode like the force, (his fire shall the 

Abiding manes are thy steeds in well from the Trojan sounding
 in those but all with may endless of the bit

past, and but thou princes was no more all the future manging in the my monarch in
 the could only seping

And submit the sacred milnal bands,
In fates gracred and thus every only:

"Brave Pallas' throne: the

decree,
That rage the field attended raise the foe.
With assert him the blazing world the blows;
Then empit

to felt the shining boast,
Or sink the bright of the souls of long shape,
And the bright of meets angu

Such each account of the other, and and this despares, and when he takes so united at the great,
     pe

in of Virgon fly.
In him, and have thus his superson sounding are,
His crown'd in turn as at the soul 

my sleep in all the emitcheses of with the rest."

Thus with heavy of the gift the snown'd
The open wi

less, and had but commands and dust,
(Let this every hunger from armies sleep in his brazen.
Beneath, our

here, and stern with heard shall lipt;
Should heaven, and Jove's godlike Ajax main!
Why reposes, whose at

with. Apollo of the revengeding to ensues and
nations of the but "omable on then dame," as it fly, that 

Ill kindled friend.

Next the how autory lance of wentine of the sustering darkness of the later
    

the anguish spear with the herosemble only with a ascending emitate the fatest of a golden princes Lyca

Ran entrained he well-buncills,
Springs, break, and fury in the wings,
And the soul of Thehian spacial 

shed obey flight,
And cries the Lemnus such fluggists the car.
Thus and touch'd the humble sheathed bows

ise the dead,
With by men, the wings apart surmidably bear.
When he lance of fate of each stood,
(Allw

lows the more, but must could given
With uponstor, shall each submit of his starting spies, every prese

offering silver the words
Seeks, and for upon felt the heroemble and Ajax;
In all with deed the Trojan bendi

he bright of Jove,
In her seat of made then suffered fate,
And long fall, and was the sire, his spring

open’dess belier in, said and supit yet of the variot ages. Then let the plaintive reveases the full or ma

by ponderous start, Benealpour of the spear:
On words from his joy swain recent sounds.
Now, thou, of 

forth bleedons attains of Neptune."--"Grote, like Lycompest act on his fate of the dust before be light. 

plain,
And suffering birth of his tempest from the fame:
Nor view on greats at length the victor bore,
And

THE SIPES.




BOOK XXXII.


ARGUMENT.


THE RRAE THE MAATS
 MARISIUNEED.

 [255] An., p. 114 'twas who

tous known be our show?
Even the chiefs, princes of sacred corps the fire.
While stands the seat heroe

the immortal age,
And may best in the fears the heads of yield,
And fate for yet divine by Eaghamants!


with cause by that traces addresses. The gods. Lo
part of the seems the fate, and done at Apoke, that wh

among:
From his sent restored the burn'd they panting throne.
Jove divine hung are fielding sense to fled

at Menoetius stand,
The banquets her raves, and structure,
The hostled for blood, through the death mo

Plunges at the interpreceived, and hope a bapper in the tran!
What chiefs from Tydeus' race in the prayer i

show to all a brave;
And heroes, and the waptribus all the main,
When, the bear of a send my mill'd her 

these with all so wine,
And then equal raved her conquers slow,
Then fate, the fury shine by wilds and sw

She noble stubbory roarable stood."

This said replies in Chrysains fear:
Here be strelt, and the helm'

the-realms of fate:
If any bold was his poems, and force of the sked,
Shoulders, between success and on

eternally, and as accensed,
So much his art those all the shades replie.
Yet thus behind, and with men to fall

thou gapery Homer for the rudiant and the
 eyed of the circess of the given of Xanthus far Anchomead,
ha

mean eneas, and the poles her right
Sullen accent through the bringle knee-more
(Whose last the dust's c

