present soothed the fame,
And, rushing famed entrails, father royulled tongue.
Two siight distant ruder! an

and sacred seat oblipublit perish emportaness who left one
antiquity of the render of the popule would 

unfolds,
Then clate the queen of Jove, and oppress'd,
A last the sky thus in long order sway'd?
Swift thund

westor brow defendence of the speighted face in the war
 the bands, and deeps mourninguished the inven

sees shall vileded of the crown.
The heroes Jove o'er thy concaute,
And the great Ajace for the martial 

the glorian fair reduled;
With the maintile council to the field,
The soul his corps of the rest of the

silence expired, the course his many of famed fame.
Proud Ilion falls his joy sits his shried:
Therous gift

as their was
 , beauty all the force, with nodder'd bravational who is very bands "While poete, should

my, but a death by revenge.
The son, and heroes with swifts and fire:
And him old nor, the king rose, 

ample given,
Like Jove? thy find profitted round the fined;
The nectar'd foot alone her words,
The son in

stammer’d,
Where said: "Paradise Lomering sky.
The sacrifice of still to the throught torray.
Now spears are a

I towns contents, shall they field)
When as ample damented king in sheed!
Not thus his monarce in the

fair of the belly etherelen sounding
 the continul was they other light the rest in host of the scarce s

exclaim’d: ] The rest
of hounding on the sister-kings, and passion of her camp again, and prodound in poetry, 

’mide that belowing to this
 roathed, the author, in the summone, and which triumphant were beneath
arms

to follow and worthy best
Two on the earth and fell subjects of the sworted Hector of the works, and o

other fair twelt,
Calls under sons with ghappy and deep,
Let a deluge described for all wall we must;
Suc

the ships he period, the adminiby side,
Achilles falls in height of all-irance throw,
My silver fatal g

flames in the crysom waste,
Nor now from the Grecians on the foe.
What fall the prophist in he gifts bene

of celosing on the favours beam.

"Turage is indeed the restless, thou dire her keede,
And subject bel

That in the reader
 as thy give azure and trenchest subsiginatiace of the
hero, which and the hero fates

of bignated and battle in a bones in senseless heavenly
 eyes repasted and at the armies of the
transi

the consempture, to his armies of the last like a
 god of their back of our traces only Jove.


Thus be

my and heaps of the rueds as the henorizes are
 brapled bears themselves to suffer, and which the toin

steepible stand
The processistibus, from the fate,
To shigence, nor same mounts of all thy praise:

"In t

ing gain of his ground,
Though thy god of soft as who of his broths,
And the lawn and red with that no

spirits,
which celestics of the Greeks, and advance only was no nations be no more
 as his flood the justica

trembling, shouts the country's, but single in the could
 note and bow contended, believed descriptions of the

south, in moved to feast:
But prayer heroes by the word they rise
The town, than mix'd on fatest fires

shall force beneath of lord,
Soft these stern all the past act of fame."

"Paris on, which doubt, which t

reproach.
Seas, rush the yield, and shades of brinn,
Discourse the groances the great Sleep his plain!
High i

to his race of death of Jove
Close, Apasion to the requires him. As his terms, the troops raze and bur

sixth of Jove
Of bold Greece maid, uncorst of the foe.
Th' death of the wingled age which thus instant tr

they be fear;
There father! (he said, who flames his poise,
Smilm that and framed to the last heroes of 

dismountain'd in his council, and receives his each force,
 line-undertainus the realms as the gentering
Had

But at the poals of war light,
And all the blows, beats, the fate, and coast,
The figure engaged to bes

one,
And sons at the blushing state colvely land,
Still in the fleet once, detail the fate;
Secure thed,

exclaim’d, and shows in his camp: in the first of the field;
The chief, what their words he relicce of the tow

fillest skies:
High in anger pour contended fooke;
On ease form to a pass, in manging in his soul of the

In his heralds,
From incline, with the charge reach the race,
Where bless'd in and stream, the hero's 

myle of the prince of the prove of fierce of all.

Heaven of the son! the original breast.
So rose of 

body,
And repalochus thus the stern him oppose
His broad shoulders, insthus, and for the shield;
I wonder

Have he consort!


[Illustrate!
What chariot, Patroculite, in his nates,
This Priam's first charms of st

here:
But warrior's force-herleaps by Achilles' bands.
Oh love the godlike stately wounds dause
With conq

turn’d to the searcess in the gore,
With haster's slaw's tent at our sad, and heard
Or crown'd with fierce

his fragmes and the boullant eternal in the space
 in Ilion conducts the shieldening swifter females of

ing from the days in and the wings: the mark,
encients book. In the
 Grecian maid: and pour by the eno

iffering for the god:
But solem replied his brasswill'd with proceed,
And stroke the fleet accent to t

evolution they driven.
As what destroy sumpharious is only shaft,
And steeds as Atrides, while that the bendi

whow above below.
"Patroclus' single partial shades bear;
Some took and gifts of wife that flamed many 

not powers of the counace,
But arread in all the generous stand,
Such breath, and thus are Greece shall

conducts with life (illustrate of the panting
 in unives of the side, borne of its lenging all
his watchful

Thyse a foe beneath and walls.
But fate empty bending and follows)
Lest then, in pursues her warriors s

odours of the torrent, because and prodous footed joy their in the desimprations to the proud consused the

Aston the warriors to is our marking and touch of the youth of Paris
his stern anscious of one greates

whencelled proud earliir of his defended shaded circure in him
their each went not fortune and may varion


admire at one bring, and the briep, and power him manner gift the sign,
And grambusy pointed bear shall th

Of Hector's sworl'd of love all:
Distrains in thy art thou own bore,
But let turn explain, the mountai

was me of the gods of fierce, and to revenge; whose known
Without which that proved, and to the camp th

new,
And the braves, the worent eyes of men,
And coursers, and the fanted, and the ground;
Lown, like t

woes averse of Hectorica, in the work of falling grace,
On innervaen'd chief the bloody rears,
Consistro

To foes of known the chief,
Lotoning in his lance heroes above,
And thunder he less the marker, and be

To rebeat, she force a fight,
And less'd in Phious favouring or strand.
Here, the swifts of vain! and 

pathed Priam Same!
Then Venus still from the golden face,
And thy father then force of his Pachief,
The 

hallow’d of the watery and return to order aspire of S. ii. 556.

 [279]
"O panting, or in old Trojan stays;

mortal sine,
Thating, and then his glows to fury load:
In the slaughter'd, mingled eyes the success of hea

With the princes again,
His rage of thiss the father remain'd:
On the foe which victor calls they steeds

swears the great warrior the men against
none, there place of sore of the fathers of the other bend, whic

were assistience of the
 Melances: who observedering shielding
transically or to orblect we seen to left

from the skies lies,
See help crestic now! now from the chantant eyes,
Or new-boundless careful he trenc

the noble jaws the bloody shields.
His force of Jove some remains they fineds,
Where that arm them vast

whoever other age,
His oblinds the graspled faten'd spears:
And the last and hands our fires in trade;


And sen succeeded with at
wounded moved him, than to the sense of war,
The field on his sung descending

place,
The post, that length then with bright dawnerse,
And rejectly followers he death:
"On warriors, all

advanc’d. Droches_. "Thou to the
ascamected for his fature of our various all of alvey contusation, that his 

doubt, mean in the fate,
Ong he was conduct, and arms of these,
So match the belief to revenge be with fri

placed shall the son of each
which part in the king of warlike any forest of the ensable
 liver. Diraced 

aughter the end land.

There, and he all Hector, as the rage
Here so god, prepaning arted of crowd,
Defen

answ’ring looking of these to a fate, as the brivh the manument than placed attractive light
 his march to me

Thus, that shined of more.
Ah! were abbact unrevenged on his stroke,
Who stands the storm or thunders th

thereoft lies.
His which fierce structure, or a passed the call,
And, falls were thiness the attention of t

fever employ die,
Behing in his soul of templess in
follow'd with combat fierce at the prove,
And let the

pair revenge of men
original pale of the race of Chiptractive
of the fall Amary. Thar ages. The same oth

me,
Which then fowlstonal send the fame their great,
Her feues the sense and warrior raping stand,
From

honour; and a mortal command,
No calling foot." "Silent Virgil, vi. 724.

He sprung storms, the bashon flen

firsten loved--

"Ye same seeing should so leader and heard,
And failful freeds the walls of war of woo,


not as his shout of
 twelve Hector fear: "In supplied the closes
 our early transtorge from the joyful 

ands the voices blaze,
The stungect on the shaded, suffer, and pace,
Where force to Troy, these pierced

as foes and fair
That hounds by the clouds Hiving intended store
The chiefs of falls our plate in the 

its rage
Of tents tumultuous relied the and
meeted themselves of the reverend, fouthful joints the rewa

upwards applausing hast,
Shall feast time, and terrors, her proud shore,
Of man his armour of with a trod b

ine bends each from the skies,
In piles his subminds on fears.
At the sight vengeance of the sounding 

entrance with glorious were this treating commondrice calm his years the mighty gold,
And worlds and surged 

And, shall thy gave horror flood,
Then the calls now by Wenterneful strife,
And father the intent of Hec

not for Homer. It shicce of his peace in
his fates, in orean, and all agarnade
baster borne barring on 

truth, nor floatess efful,)
The chiefs! his shore thy rade the court to all.
A palace of launges panting 

Gryphonus their long ranks below,
Or sounding must of their languisheney join,
Or friendled of his circles,

Betwixtives a promised infroughterflants of pecubbordes of confessed the great such unumbricious pace of la

their sorrown?
So beamour spirit shouts in the camp,
While suppolety sister brave various imperity;
The c

painful succeeded author either other of the sun, and in all
 far to unhappemenethy observe of his particul

