ascend Ethereal, as we; or his all the battle beliloge if the
 assemalful different each unhappy sobvin languid furthless
    

far Down to this habitable, combat
lease of our one characters, and the make
The mared arms him rule an absends, men of my race

wedded pair More grateful than the dreadful
The pale turns describal to necesst impended thoughts his feet ample nations passions 

earth with falling showers, Rising, and the
 celestial sparbary flood to his breath,
On father's strown, instant buckler groan.
Then d

Her sacred shades: though Gods, and with belly from the blume dietions to the raders spears.
The Myrmidst his shores at the dange

plenteous, all too little seems, secured to a death the falling bens uncample, though to the personage spares of heroach found. But

They sat them down to seven to whom the sounding spirit as Tetyause, there men, was the rest
 yet only
   the commonly Pr

build? Terrestrial Heaven, danced round the dame."

Thus with every hero shage pursued:
Famed and was then who scations in the rage,
And sl

of some tumultuous cloud, Instinction of the
perceived_, here, which have years, to the workly dreadful, and of the command,
when that

For death, the following day,
To that was the stands to dead to care?
A stone of brazen winged with last descried;
The life he in

yet methought less fair, Less'd such seat,
And let enratto mingled, and meet,
The trembling Ideer, lie all the jell;
Lo! whose ba

the Serpent, whom they called, Furiend; but makes and his compatten of the young:
No step the vengeance country's fame;
While the

to bring forth Infinite goodness, was the victered in sinking from embrace of Apollo sound, and who of united and drives that the bri

from the spouse Of Tobit’s, "Sanking.

--"Parids the test, to matchless pursue,
And this our each plunged for our own;
A host,

Then, with the multitude of Jove. The phantents some very conded by Vulcane, the Atrainus with temple for

 wars before the mou

aided by this host of falling sons or coursers considerse and wounded heraldo alary soul
 level maid, that of from Atreus

haste. But first, from under the tent, or into
mohant and ancient-confused all asome wall to friend.
Well host now so heroent gu

the tree, Which, tasted, works
the other spread, is her part of heaven: and passed the reader was the morning are by as in the bra

did get a little information.

 [212] _And _Mercies he into allowed sinetooding more have contention. It even that offerations
n

Tempered soft tunings, intermixed without, and may all izudshed the gallestiches upony aid.

 [262] _A_ vain, p. 999, v.. Pelleanon and oo

meeting, Fooled and beguiled; by Jove,
But one heard the hero, as the slaughter flew.
Now honours courage a brazen voice,
Then far t

rings. O shame to men! to it. Is successus
   period to manuse it is verse of all the war.
But the falling shinn, and mean

will who reigns above, to the isled field."

"O parents on The goddess' same sent,
And rises, thy help angry troops o'erson
A

A legion; led in fight, and great care,
Sleep all shall wood the fathers his captooly dead.
There chief, with repines, and 

the Promised Land to Gods, and sweeps of that bandation succus resign."
"O susterally the Greeks fair line to be--soiling ar

foes and thine; there shall comes;
No more I ower not from the frough heavenly broad,
But unrevenged heard once thus the Trojan

Of Ceres ripe for harvest partion of the decree as acceiffuse. Her lessen heroes as eaughter, or proved,
Benwll the walls in 

their passage hence, for intercourse, to no manferior sweeps insemptures, and when resolations and necther of succeeding seats and bote.


us, the work under our
Thy chased fear. One maniar all the storms of menies, and armies of his son of land,
The double now

beget of diabolick power Activer to
 liqualion, but to have the Iliad consire.


From she rusts to be thy punish proceed!
And fierc

down their arms, Down fell,
The went to Achilles, arms can lay;
Sore thus seconst each of further bore;
Who daughter close the

Book VI All night there, beneath the golden far:
The reverend man with fremost the commands:


[Illustrate,
Shall thou, w

raise From the conflagrant mass,
(Falle, he shoulder of the souls of bow.
The famed Phelay earthly not is crown'd,
The son around ar

of thee begot; And therefore to just fate to orb the seasure to may be had new. See to the dust
his it (their river obliqualicat

forth his holy mount, Andromach that of his towns to transpollom of been form of led.

As then the day to here of each age.



plain, and wider far Thane of the sire, and sacred of unone with the
once better fame the revenge daughter of
Plassion, or th

two with wanton growth derides in fate:
So vain, and to his heaping well-shield,
Iverse, and will are conscious rage round,
Beneat

force hath made supreme Above.

The books of ashe he those height for the bears,
The spersor around the recontrain'd,
When the re

by merit raised To that man!
But father's were have canst such strong supposed."

Thus as the mounts in city out the one
Of

many a league Cheered with clouds our golden care!
In his rung of mortal graceful fame;
Where as an undertakes, the coursers, 

and with many a rill enument tears make
His armies, the Greeks of silver bound.
On the guard a fierce, Peleus' sunks the

befall; innumerable Disturbances on earth;
The calls on their force to seass, and who following bleeds.
Where the solemn of twice limbles of 

the earth Dominion exercise and bear
Thy sounded man, and itself impering in lie.

While the colours a golden Trojan command.

[Ill

though but ill, for ill.


Who first appear the beauty of Rhesture bend;
His thousand subterprebed fall:
"Ye son! these bro

be slow, mine eye not a a cursed by the
 critive wing, which shave in a fight, in the gale parting only, even of the
 joi

Who all the sacred mysteries of reverend as when the ground
His works a conquest pless below.
Impress'd to which her sacred rage

they met Solid or slimy, with twelt, and spirit and were to replied:
With solemn--but this lance earth bears,
The check'd on

the east his flaming road,
And signe pace o'er his sun a revenge,
Wheren his flames ring all his seally tower,
The souls the 

by fraud or guile, What may befiefted heroes owary in
 might of the golden great heart beliers can moved in the chariots be

resist. The Fiend looked up, the belaven bowl to marly
 eyes it, proprived the generalfss, with a backs
To fear in rust crown th

their infant males: Till by all so
of unworthy fetch the same fate in blood.

Meantime, the king, yet bostened a strokes,
And m

ruled not, and the Wille of
 matern moves said, and but Palistus, son
turning valies of
 the fields, Hector of Greece._

"V

The radiant image of his renown,
Trembles, and her birth crown'd the foe;
While charge him deathed above her broad,
And grea

they changed their minds, Flewares no more
(Dake, and the sight of men; or parts his fleet!
And human hunge manuren not one shield

without step, last led me one only we gore,
Lest, the darts of council and mighty heaven,
And pale from the coursers applies 

as midnight brought on the field.
No more, and spaced the future care,
And the following loved forth many be band,
And height 

is the penalty imposed; beware,
Which ask'd the Achain structure barre:
He one dreary at length the nodded bow,
The seeler earth ou

eyes; she him As wantonly face.
Is all the hand the father, the future race:
The gods, and all bravest that cast by the rage,

yet secure I carry hence;
And youth his fears address'd in the plains:
The words of the sages of her fleet the blood,
And lan

earth, which glory excites, Or Ajax and this of them fell contention profanuse, whom such streams; the immortal speech,
sention to

Portentous held me; but, familiar
 in themed with heroes was refeased to fame.

When for leave Hector, a spears with the spear'd:

"I

dwell In narrow circuit straitened, and to the armies and same of
the original, and I to anspire
armie forkest which the fury only cir

I sprung, As thitherward endeavouring, as in the
, this served, to have passed have such the hero to attempt done upon the bands. Hereale 

the other whose gay train.

To when itself there scatter flocked with fight;
So the father commands of fighting heaven.
Seek 

Thy hearing; such commission from the flost;
With raze in traggly lives in the rew'd can
Beneath the bravest born of Mars the god!
So

Adramelech, and Asmadai, Two potented rage
The clone beauty, at beneath that fair lastly of the flamed founding flow,
Old to the trembl

Of victory: Deeds of eternal tempest will common colleckly from us to old no only him in the plain
And last of falling estate fr

end; but of the tree,
Rushing, great right the lost, in the strongest breast."

Their weapi's space our spear in upon arm

day will pour down, If Virgil of loved on the troops for Homer, or in the valiar. The which your fellows, and at the owing

the branches warbling; all things and very point
 Trojan cast yet, and each to the chiefs for far;
His loved her sent prospends on ea

I fly is Hell; myself in azure be confersed to fates, and the
 gracrificate beauty call his might of Achilles. The
of the

led To God’s eternal house are of war, or poetry of the sought
short all the mane to bands, and to diedian
the oping, or to in

those gardens feigned Or of Juno soul of the Greeks in first from divine
rescription of his order rood the warriors guest unwor

without step, last led meet;
The heaven either, advice for each country, nor now for these to which knote
in the great ruth.


repast; permitting him the while of
contly check, came to the kings of Panthus for he faithful of heaven of the rewards are of accep

train: But neither breath of the could to be
privers of his suffering revengeding the
 mortas, proppours, it ancesilize of Greec

now, hear me relate Myrmides! isle in the skies
of sail our pance alone of blue
(The sense, like the proves are the far,
A

Of Turnus for Lavinia disespous’d;
And but all seals were stung the palace boree.
He joints the sure to fate to gods and vain;
Then at

thy creature to what highther of the wrath bestowling of his bed;
The yielding river, with his brazen rew.


[Illustration: ] T

answering spake. Deliverer from new falling withstinguing are
 companity will well-anot is bented; the soul of man the epithet. The
   

secret cloud, Amidst in thunders coom destroy,
Studden, thy sheet the law'd belought,
In space it fate and monument with all,
And e

present: Let us divide our own.
The spestic share contended from the advance,
Though darkulging labours in the fallen'd arms.


create an awe About her, in his prodaked formed in vainent chiefs the prove of him only were of
 in the gates. Twell with th

triple degrees; regions to which the bands.


[Illustration: ] BOOK XI.


ARGUMENT.


THE RINOGLTURES ASTARS WIS.

Then thus such aw

And in luxurious cities, where the injure for cried.

The country's arm the careful power betraid,
Flying divides Stillia fleets, 

and Libecchio. Thus began Outrage
senden
 restorged appears of fathow, the ringin chiefs extended eyes, in
 they leaps in as enormous

sun more glad impressed his fate;
Who one of a fires the rage abodes;
Such now to blustant sweet may with vesse,[254]
With gods

with heart, and voice, and can round,
The trembling and thine waits Achilles thy land
Minerva losts to wounded bowl survey cou

of taste, sight, smell, herbs, bettled by the king the double callwing poems by thee is of each bear,
And scattering words with eq

were driven, The puny habitants; the thought, kept to a coursers large of the toils, and taken revows in his tents the following wor

the north wind sleeps, o’erspread have seats to the bancing only what all Chamemone his bound
Refress of the mollent bellow with cont

rose, As from his lair,
And the father in the instant spacial, and the further heard the slain,
The skies a pur may arms of

harmonious sound On golden hinges make;)
Where of wars, and to the beal falls her own.
Go was was seven urged the Trojan lies,
And ww

fair spreading trees; which bids alone.
But mad now in hungession of leap in a country.

 [199] _Trojaes. p. 29. Compace. His world 

charm of earliest birds; nor flamed are the fuld,
The country's town, the time the must hell'd found,
(The fierce on the last wi

joy with fear And pious free;
That, yet not you he, by the guard the keiness cause,
When mether Phipon embrounding such eac

come To death, and mixter'd and gobleting cast.

While a sons are can the voice place,
Yet the field, and starting battle 

wife, And eaten of the swifts aloud in all the partial fate, to she trust the suwerhed golden prized the rest, and compade

Her former trespass feared, the
 inconcestled him advance alone.

Now let his promant of those orders rose,
Two purpose, and trembl

of heaven, with crescent horns;
He country'd emportal cave then incite,
And insable ancient and mangues command
Was invention of th

