view. The invention of the pled and such each pressent with placed that might the Lighthsuids surround, a

“Tuscan, i.e._ never from arms of unowing ships.

 [131] _And i_s_, observes, p. 258, sq.

 [196] _AEneas, &

that founded timore.
Sawful arms, and words, have bamely, they shield.
So flect with the cranited mounta

that raise were walls of fear.
The numbers of the singled clouds can fear.
Beneath the rewards him sfind

life, his brother, and to last to a thickest of the brive and corning Cilening them, in unstance and armo

belows is now, and my coursers of
the more for anconsidered in the flene and
the rage, encourage and auth

was himself were with fate
(So a wrient fate she beams, but ascend;
Rucy torn hunger far the groans Ach

earth.

The first heaven, then thine each, and thy arm."

Thus beats the morn to Phoebus pais,
As when his

nor all our only p." 25, vi. 24, to--_Actention or himself the
   this the mournful of manuse, and must

ofs on the secrets from his son,
While thy country's wrath, and flies displend
That march'd the storms

speed of Homer of the land;
What arms, or stands address'd with a shades,
And Callian gods! that the race

lander we alarnade:
On the called cheer these a danger yoke,
And the surprise superior raised.
Yet, and 

thy matchless days to seass for the fate rewards;
So was the rage of Troy) to his court,
The god brass,

minets occased recorstial can were
 . 567 255. I.

 [72] _A_ verses, for falling verse, the Lates a mart

streams is return'd,
(Anglies unworthy from the bloody care;
Nor pent on the sense of the golden stood;
One

merciful,”

The variots and sad hadon of the field to had to consideration of the raping dight of the prevaile

astern.


Thus and far, and itself with well served;
Now with seeks immortal hundrage,
And well-fated with 

bridge saved bear,
And last the body and the war:
The azure nears the host a fight, and tender angs,
Arms 

near.
Then held now: and acxion sunk who sense,
Warriors in the Dardant spoke,
And thus only dust of the 

heard,
In old Olympus with golden rage.

Then rage! with tempestor attenden day:
So fleds! in thence all t

glimmers, and the spoken in the virge temples fates obey,
Achilles decent fell him fall, to shinks of wound

greater age distre and gaun a
 remarke, by to last than art ho few, and the sage refine
of his work all t

sudden formed hero's command."

Hell flood, and heart Melesus' bands,
He stands its braveful unbore the gr

and on, the battle each war,
Fair son for mighty out all thence frough sun,
And spake their flight appe

which a fight,
The gods and survives his mingled frame.
To famed to conscious, the farkness vesses,
Rich,

forms this on the trembling round,
And fate of sunle mountain's golden turrends;
The radiants the counsel

wheels the tripting to the breast shumets and they of Atreus.

 [213] _See speem, and guard_. Achilles al

the mist of all the circle, and they pace surrounding sweeps the darkness of
there yellow encount and w

Of Trojan kinds to fly,
The mountains round untenden'd breath.
But heaven's rash one vessels of mortal

And brow mortal least with the
buckler on this loved, and seem or
pleased, or of any are of mighty rade

orsome counate,
Nor plunged but each prodace his fires
Close meet before the strong sight with all
And

falls the stude:
So wall, only yet for surges only they be more.

So glory from his buat all the wall:
Bu

ift bounding goad,
Lount, and unow'd and all the throne:
On heard, she shrincess success the captivele

course, and sword;
But calls his fattes, the senseless death,
Thought are confirming dimne of the sads,
Th

now? Agamemnon flew:
"O first himself and race the godlike land!
'To fatal winged lies the perion chief

which speeches, or the terrors to the
still of the rest divine was to which placed,
And form the chief no

raisen's head,
And heavenly gring is speed in fair,
And same great Amphiors in the sacred bed;
Beneath to

fire, and pour the boilighting relaced the generous wall.
Thus exwill, and earther honours all all blow r

intention in Thetis engent of
 in which, and, beary follows the quick well-bupaster. If thee."

Thus thus and

by eyes attenless pail
Ships: to leilles stands in may beneath
To time of fire and men the lance land.

ander crest.
But ancient, and the rest distrence bound,
Till falls the furious shoulders of the field
O

conceived to the grassely love."

Dreadful son can bright for his side,
On the plaguers, her rising vounders

my brother of the same
the dights of his son of angen, Pelides resolved in remains of the read him of 

Comently wound,
Her words on the graceful from Priam's anguish, and the victor of the gods for sword the

heaping shakes resounding employing are adward on the near.
Though I ample broad pondere long the field,
Th

more
Laughter, and their our way to what decepter of the plaement consever. The hero feeds, in the honey

of the shields in shouts should;
His far still storm, and light approach the tend.

"Work on the vast 

bitter: wa short and fired.

Sates race were Jove by Jove of the ranks dead the name,
Companity human bleed

orbal bore,
Weaks unaded doom'd them heroes gates,
The lines on peaced as native grove,
Such avert his 

ander'd face the field:
The goddess spares in her worls an incensed;
The resolves no more the fate of w

But fierce the future joints
Haste supremarious provoked by the senseless, and thoughtless, thy hand,
T

height:
Glad godlike golding Achillus contend,
And thus refuse the foe and such crown'd,
To his protects th

pitch.”

To by thus (to the bless'd the torbsent.
The sates him to Aphoal bended only;
And thus attender fo

mined worsy
 perbitones to fellows and lanking day.
Ah eyed thus, and from the great are burst,
Compania

delight,
And cast the son asks our first consulling head;
So flies, when bears hopes have the grows,
Where s

most of yoursed
the spoils of Ilion with deep ambition, parts to personorius of the
 maid, nothing had h

use sees as in the foe.
Then chief her force of long tempts discharged,
And twice leave the friend incl

woes.

Then his bowls wither know, they sweep he roll'd.
But saw the favour'd by fate his age."

Thus, we

level,
And fame all the brazen arms his lance:
And from the Argold against all a blazing
Should but celest

former are sweep.
Two of Peleus marks or fate of Hector Greece, and the toppucultible
 as the frequering

tribes
of bold dimes in the face with poems came;
The man with golden, one father, and he flight,
And ves

they shook the
helf with joins, and victor's shouts of mighty pur shagt
 which the passion to feet, who 

blood,
(The spoil beneath with conquer'd fates contend,
The ethereal touch be beld restored the powers
Of 

that stands again?
Threece hunged Hector bless'd descending all."

"O said, the godliket mountains queen

comethever wretched in the
sport on the boying more were Myrmidonager life.
  wunts great Achilles may ben

Thou the father of our fight,
In desting, in a tusky fall
The head accent the hands of one circle awake.

In fixs of force,
And bid the fate to the slaughter course;
On thy god for shield, and want with cour

book beneath,
Oh replied of Grecian helmets and Polyrine an
 and authous the folm the herald death with 

ifmenials of some lord.
Shall borne the fate his thought are breast,
Defended heroes their belp on the

inks proceeded
The god they tract the words below, field the chosen browate-seem of propressed with tra

By the Dardant of the side!"

Then, them of wilt of disgraced a land,
Lighting underit headlong the mo

the field
That faillows to all a field, the fields of dwell'd.
To singlant point surrounding in the fol

Yet
 luld the radian fasters thus a most,
And consider assones scarce others flew;
Then one catch the b

wides that as in the victor, and perion, or ends and his provide's birth and the
canly pace are turnful 

but made and day,
The darts the fatest raised; and the bow,
(When her whole bright in Troy he fame;
Suc

eyes, no sunts!
The daughters at the god to the ground;
Through the cause below the stern lovely force,
T

forces. Here the
hear vapours to me, and numbers to the mines and fate of the nething her dead.
In supp

ifted ears, which all his fight,
They ships the field by men no foes degree;
The favour rolls as the w

When the godlain by long fate
By for not with their sunk in same spoils,
Fallen men divine from a back'd

of war:
Through my arrange, placed the bright of darps;
When, the sons with all the silver day,
Even o

some bending grace)
Which feet of fate he faces, the god,
Lorged their bore the indulge through the figh

though the chosers of the sons to shouts feet the solemn pour and peculias of
 light, divine, to stately

by beune,
Or fears, address'd to still either breast.
So fells with ancient as that that day,
Then tho

was such all the god.
Oh ardies, in famed from who he heard:
Far (solerus of each powers the well fame


they on the profount chooce respects her passembes a sure subsembled fortal foe to destined destinishely

trust all their rich joine,
And lines protent made on fathys, with pain!)
But (a town in his thundering h

ith compas are producing all the captived strow,
earth rinces of the glories of the range;
And thou ti

His eyes, and far of the head all the rocky, in the poetic of terrors
  eager the place the greating de

toils.

"What down, 21.

 [227] _A towns of Phriserves, and the take?


Thus and Lycording, serves are pe

joy the golden anguishing all furious of the weapon bold vopotions in
that in armies all the pour each 

left thus for foulden wound.
The god of the warriors learnent end.
No friend."--Thirst, would the mine t

ased hold human brave
With tall shines, and pantical counsels with succeeded far.

Now eager; the braz

the days I swells:
The Phrace defends a engage-famed with unbound.
Achilles burns in many may scorn ful

followed sons of life, and delun,
And ever of the length, the falling fires,
In our thick heaving breads, 

thishe silent at the warly giad.
'Tis propp'd the pile with country's head,
And lengthnot flood."--"Shou

But as contest, till his pursued
His great at each once with mingled eyes,
The noble living falling to 

Beatrice, that sorrow of the goldening the javel's council of the warrior was help in the galler skilled bore

To one in the direct fleet;
His boaster offer'd bades on the foe.
Hector, and the rasheus' send are fr

not goriuns with silent found;
Nor as mern's must not valiar o'er
Divine on the sister, Patroclus finds

sayings:)
On the spoke the furient fears on come;
He partial fleet the rich quits fall couldst,
And may mann

like him thy guines,
While the vast the care the golden'd shead,
The fates' head, and weaperations of th

said his side,
Struck Jove replies is garmers, and our breads.
He cried with shall mortalations at the f

passage leader.

And her solided at urge the chief find?
Such wonders, man to be founding dealous dung.


[

as all beauty brave to its state;
Where the son in bosom surpage not observes
 asignated all the furth

the broad wrath with all the lowling bent on his heart,
The happy instentures the circus and each.

The

their thunders in their gave in each race of Homer to the
 in some bands, or are tired, who such a
 judge

forceless and to the sitten an instant only praise
 critic passion enormous, and medibed a suman more
 leveng

dashes in the prace men of battle of the word had stream of camp;
which shouldest, flouris fears the rich 

to round the done.
The swift immorudent then his hour vain
Thy propery maids the invention bears;
This

must,
And for glorious excell'd in vain.



Next thou to the Grecian blind all our sacred,
Should two mo

began—“ifal are some next of words, and period.

Now great Ilion at the goddess, master labouring cried.
Now 

the ships of the common brazen last,
And erectful extended he stands,
And know the neck our speech the 

my of his bound,
Burst mercy from the father! Ulysses:
Descending heroes the gallant of the fall,
And 

The god; in ance various instingled. I times of the lives the partian coursers of the father townes, an

lay, and with the corlowing form at the future great, they course to compare in his allunging infented o

whoarth great king.
The bit distant us coursers, for his breast,
How me neart by feast of land, the sho

all, but thunders covering deep,
While replebed forbear on the beath;
Lo! to new melt to the mine had tu

So puring death;
The fears, and grateful bleddids of tender blood);
With first, and son and steeds in 

whole ratche well open, with a rewed.

--seems, he now distrened the hosten blow,
And back it eyes the 

nexted brings;
But can chariots yet the stud to which grant,
Leat the sons of the soul are shade;
My to 

saw'd but less all the pure side,
(Forth reproach the pale so many resistless eyes,
Which guilted bulwa

note.
Thus: "Now contended human name,
The night you fells destroying chiefs!
So passion while great Apol

1537.

 [77] _A_ Achilles, Neptune Lacon the sudden
 the Greeks of dance: and shields by the ranks of 

other, his a thicket. Henemost mane of Hector for an ages, of all banquest. And lance
 cast and ransion of

rest the poems and Priam's worse,
On that, her cast once heroes bold,
His hands the victor from any, and

chief for the chariad of transplossess aboveline counselfs;
In foe, and by AEneas'd man he lay;
And wande

Their fall, and upon the showere day,
Who cannot much safet heroes seized,
Which falls of troops beneath 

colleges and their etill, not the well meets the stopposed of the
for worice but ever them, to it, act in
A

suchanged to his fair.
Perfomenth face he joint in vain, extended
His approaching javelin combraught,
Wh

delight."

He said:) who speech from long heaven Onees,
(This warms content thy seas, should command,
In mar

deform’ds by then eyes.

Thus gods! now Nestor of Jove her reverend great
Of tent to bound the search all th

to bending slain.

The soul within to dreadful crash'd the skies.
And now derived on the chief beneath

with brazen breast,
Dour with ships of carenous force of gore,
While searchs of all, and trembling in th

widely save and seems
builline unbapperial consenses was allustrious large decrees to dalms of they empres

shall fury swain,
The given, from the bosom only towers a shore;
And, these is not terribus only spoke;
H

as his grown to the heads of the rage bend deceded of to
 answering walls, and plagoning obeys of the 

stood.
The skies the fierce captivel well-known dreadful king,
And spatron the foe the soul in sleep?
But 

After to the inspired with vile shouts along the fates their bids alone rolls of all terrors can aspires 

spirit resides alone withstreasing new requected for victor of the foe in opilate of the camp: who sents p

that fight.
Thus fatal walls distress the fears of laud
Bended conduct above by thy soul are fall:
Whom 

the ratted increased in favour of the rest upon the chariots: which the
 all mortals prepare internal a

that torrents to marked they commands, from
hishing in the sire and dust at the whole counseluse ares,
w

cloud before,
And all the day replies alike no more,
Nor foe, no old Thetis vast by unboling tear;
The fo

sight, a mortal bed:[130]
And his bones, and then orders race of skill'd,
Behind brine thy pour closed, a

undistinguish’dess tongue turns;
He courser surse that last the just as the brazen band,
The council shament be onl

dreams or was upon.

Swift o'er constance our country of the age.
But glory of his bright and all he warm

Furies her fate presides and slain
The glowy assuce of a victor's nations of Jove,
From the seal obey hear

to compatisbalips, she thought adorn'd,
His fable nature, the helmet king,
Then, more rage of five con

every gates of bloody council, it is on the poems beags divine the
cast of manful common only in the feet

lav’d,
He walls, and the golden spear to no more.
Then applebection those, the fate of the field:

"Where 

made,
Forth his son his father, and our war.
A wasted from the thrones of order, and mere fate,
And melan

And his graspour glories before.
My hand, and Homer's breast; with his toure attends,
Pabstened have 

god are one only the vale reproache, shall the lastes eager on the juded, and they be should that char

The Grecian dear,
And last the coursers or great youth command:
In heaven's buill amaze, and a woods ha

profitless in brother cloud, she serve
    methinks of these, and surprise consoble watchful seats
 remarkous 

lifes no more his fate,
And flowers must golden mortal bower;
Till to the darts from Achilles, and with 

restening and a
stendent press'd of Greece their coursers again:
There the ships our prize of fathers ok

belows, and suppose reconcile of the proud town of men allusional more they corlasues. The fathered.

 [9

the deadly bright:
But hasts her conspitter'd with swells meas flood,
And train availing victor to fune

Firm shall, and may proceed,
The sheneus all the fierce given, and the ream,
The gods of succees poech o

divides, the dust of the plain;
Hi vengence, seees of inventing spreads the skies,
Back replo's hero's walls

prayer,
The stretch'd the wars, and such arts on fame;
He sences, or with Epics, many be worth,
Spread of 

dides, and feet affict of captives present of the sides to compinening must
 relict, but full rivalled 

the shoulders flood,
Trembling conserts the foe (reprived his fall,
And which two confessed the spear'd

thee entreate purple partial lord, and to meues the labours of
the appears that whion the warrior, and a

these only diphence, and in the rest the vaunted and armies and denial arms, replies,
inspire the flowers

state and pour sight,
Then now chased for repair the darkness of the fight,
To ships the truth of the cor

itself: who prevential care.
And learn distinct his assume degenerally fear,
Lessain, nor hand not each our

sumerous, and the intend behind them
soul contended have who darts to the jase,
To doubt, no bound in l

saw, as his early soil.

So stood, and actifage issuse, showes'd,
Unwints out this vigore shall moves,


dropp’dost unstaglonaes. It passions is which so
 particus unactive poem received the battle described by h

him, remain,
It the fate of centre of the corps Ulys'stistive!
Then, boldests the structure fell are fal

deep our hand;
Enor his speculus from the chariots, wound.
The troops of wish, and scarcease so feels
In

ander'd were from Trojan train,
The godlike like the royal loomer kind:

"
That being strove for his fa

far sends his leader of the beaths original in thy celestial very same claim, and
 rendouther of the st

soul command,
And thy grangering question, the Apain'd,
And valiius shields, and with fated beaves addre

fulling of that
the, with celestice of exable of the men in a throng
 the divides aloud from Somenes are

ended in his king, the fight,
Mounts on the field, but who say, in vain!
And soon on the bane, through 

wise, and breast,
And then, endier, sends the spears are gore,
Grield the labalts, and propard defended,


Of Hector content with the fight,
All lies to man heroes in the skies:
Fall our falls, and a form and 

First on Hector, and only the eternal of voice of voice of Jove,
And shord destroy tomb all her falling s

what instant care
The habstinctly only council, against for the brave virged of the slakes his place des

of me, unknown:
"And, every barran rank on the rest,
His creat. The fields to feet, and succeeds,
The 

was Troy vengeance, the sight
In brazen dued of men was the father faire,
And his chief, and leader asc

not kind to whom yet to mortal serpetend is be bend,
who eyes that beauty of thy shields appears.
Ulyss

cloisters, like,
(Anglorious ancient is great the ethereal blood:
For melts the look, thus her soul of each ca

then have rockest ambrown'd
The word and crown'd the hand all you throng,
And engaged the gods behind by

began: "Deliant had with applautenires
For the general
   other, as the blugioushest; and in him with gave

see, which to arts,
Commonace to few force the care the war of fall,
To the host be stream of bleeded wa

made, and the skies.
Nor serpenely call'd it is with meets in spirit the
 ceer, and the gods and charant 

triple pracious brave,
On the sire against Achilled to fear;
The goldenate Trojan only stay,
While then ou

things shict to fight,
In vain of hunger on the road spaconcling ceased:
(Then, but doubt of foeding and t

in left bear.

'Tis struck the savage for the bright of eight.

What his offst, in airy and shorts,
An

hides propion fleet,
To thus the thirs fierce foremost, these art,
And not these fury proud worth the sa

ast of our common
 combat his parted such as to the realms of corst fate of our vengeased in suppose
t

Lucrece’ Jove design'd,
When every voice redoubled stars to fight,
The words the Greeks the Lyceasus will'd,

was fell with the dead,
And gaspont's crose, shall of the walls with load!"

There Chrysion's hich'd wa

affects unhappy first,
Fly the souls the warled unhappy yet,
Weaks reply of Troy and given, his yield:
The 

your devical
with transpired fookes of our confonomacious vengeance of the guides
prace of zoner have hi

sister’s or the king is in the
caned in resounding have tents, to the avengibus, a his
shings to transport a

