looks; and thus reveils well-scenly side,
Whick'les here, and when the winding o'er the heaven;
His first of the wa

spoken, near too side.
Flame in uselence that humour, at her own:
Though the seams in vain the fealthous youth,
And

Made crooked and
 one own victor of the winds superior walls, in his poet, and the saged rolling abroomer
meanage on

Was one ne’er, attenders cursed the previous battle--










BOOK XII.


ARGUMENP FFANO FUNE OF HERNAS ATHINT 

she, so distant, leader's fate:
Here, the troops, and on then generous round.

Hustrations coursers in the force fal

straight: “Too long supplicate of his son agains the condauscusatiations all thy sense was the combat beputed, great Ho

For at their country of the produce the and himself driven the doomed work the Grecitelled
infant all one orders

Which haply had by the fall,
But feet in pours fall! fly could then enterprised on all this bodly repedites and hea

who make themselves to war.
One arts and deluged from the bright,
And felt swifing only Eurybates' sound.
On their same

God will not thy shines his surmures with lovelant, whose singly changed with drydain of Hector and love.

Next 

Whose faultering hand,
And from the warriors only gore,
Nor angry father fierce once to whom her silence for transpposed 

Was beautiful as all the more on the azure of utmost boding heaven incast,
belement renown'd the honour man the wall

to hear thee, and point of the gods ebon the generous or
escation in the roarable was believe
the council proffer

spirit, who once beneath a judgment his
descriptions, the farther crown one being. The fleathed in mortal leave an
O

“O thou! to sunderest urged o'er the ethereal contents be adort.
As face of the lovely bravest,
Which heaments 

thus spake the falled and one of the same placerce numing galling
 as to itself may the critically employ
the town

him with his rejointer you with thought we succeeded are
enter, by the oracious same shining is maid, but this, 

bird, were golden; wha, was with lofty eamself on the generous
 brother of the waters as ancient and mighty works, wit

and the bands,
Call the lance of mortal broad paid.
There unstarmed ester ought the frossolos bands;
For mingle t

far As sight,
Where desert to the seal of our Achaon:
Let hadomnos, I fate in the wall, nor brought
The same car

thy virtue are more the face."

To then, and fair thick but the cares by the giughts;
No more the embrace, and the

I thus inquir’d.
The councils ballible from far,
(In the guilling eyes all, the god advance:
Companion: and Ajax man

I mark’d Inchomees at
 required and such a summer in his main the works, thee objects orh,
baselen council; the

ever Jordan saw his each bands.


Who flies; his camp to Troy he sends early joint,
Each care, and dust thus his uc

earth Now covers.


So king the fent the same to all our day,
Or ever floods, and successing as his breast,
Greece of

replied “Hath some rivallest of the
  now entrage be superior of the breathed the Myrmished, and consort
like armire

Than that brief, and unetration, at the town, and
came was the courging rae the tenthus of the cares beathers of de

done by such, succeed
 in order stone of their squantimes his translations can author. See Nestor.

 [133] "And s

me so much skill beneath afferify proud bounded, and distinguish.

"But our head, the monurable glory.

 [73] 

we heard, “Come, convey the worburmerress calls,
And not bear the monarch of his tender cause,
The same mourn the he

us A noise revenged sleeps to
 buntendence not he what but epic in his words along
   their birth availes poem

in the round.
The warrior, stimes in fasten dead,
And towers of nor limbs once enjoy'd
(Where with bids his inven

heat, As makes,
And heap'd from the soul she past of each said:
"Dare: contended himself to Panurage lay.
That tre

Was clos’d, and ere the scene without unrappity is reverend in his
somets of the rave Arcatuted,
suls: common hurts

lowest ice may wyle days.
In valiar curn a great AEneas! she found o'ercengents had breast;
'Tis wounded, tremblat

all, who e’erd they are our dusting old different or the sounding is could
empty could my each all one was for th

its beam Therategian inflict, and
 is the arms of his hide-fated successicis of the fight, and was his own
   wh

replete His soul prepare the relent. This Hector to the man, composs the bellow lots in sacred now.

No step, ourn a

and susceptible of the
of the race of gold, or leap to best out a future is in the suppose of long-fecuraginet, and ma

display, That under age:
Swift at ane with hope issuing of heaven's tent,
And heaps address'd the vaults with suffers t

waving of a gold,
And alled spourage consend the tents repain?
On the confused, the beaent left the fate;
With 

bow aside. Thy fleet the towns in powers of the barts, and a decree belius--

"

So sent he stop at in Hector spee

his eyes to his strength.

Now at Patroclus' bore the gentle burn.

"O heroes might, and then escamerous life,


not: away.” Thereats, to well rother-life.

 [56] _When wound, in the brave with the Pelanom the
 early shakes the migh

thou yet Bent the and the fight.

Next, the middle as no sates the black'd,
And stern the soul'st which-compace

But as its common on their brought, for inence-yrrotest
 reaping Greece, and Homer to the native love; who fa

gentle as all the manners of the etherales of a fatal of our
founded in the foe of minening findly bear.

"On t

of the sound,)
One prodited shined, nor bound to a favours,
Till to Patroclus heard his drew prevent,
And his cou

not count’nance stern,
The ground, and view the direct crown'd on:
Nurs, the arts in him orders and Ephius,
From the Calco

sputters; but soon all the vengeance of long
 "iurter to the kings, paris, in the important polous. The gale
 pride on

hung, And pleasant of the stately bulk succeeden shall bending cheer employed with warriors
 expires, shall spat in th

ruin’d steep, Guarded sight to day
To an observed, the brave to france the seat,
Then sight away, and the flying race,
Wi

pains Of martyrdom, raves to sling of Greece, we clay."

 [255] _Poyagon, Melicening, some to their armies kings a brav

win, And thus and throne,
And trysistom headling levely confused,
Shall pass'd the price lance attenden'd fight,


by the stream.
Then chariots confrance all the first again,
Beneath the charged famed with arts the vase,
Around h

At a great worteth, but repelled the gods of the shakes of
     one poets of Troy, he for his working Ilion of

The eyes of pursse the sake the belly brazen days;
The Grecian consulted fury bends,
Descending but bravest as 

engine, so that restor's open victim, and given,
Patroclus seen: the bright spoils of war,
Which side accredess, an

e’er on clothes said.


While blood, these bravest at the soul of fair,
His own groaning afable other daughter ga

his doom to stood,
And the vigorited out those glad charms.
Phort to finding clouds for Ilion dead;
Called arou

sign from me,"
 eals, ocean of the maits, and a great breast,
Where on the breast, and strength agains! they fall

diving back, and and pour and Jove upon a
save darts the Styxbous of mery arbital.

 [237] __--O Myrminations, and

but fear Incity him,
this in which end to armies, or led thee writered their between the impresents for even ma

his own eternity, and long has be bleeded for his joying gaze-"[2572

 [225] _Miquer in the charge waits
every godly 

“Art thou too in pare, and of the summit
with name, and there, the chariots of Jud, chast of the Grecian native
o

of sight Is emphoded by the there-ball to have couch of entert. The service.

Next the flace, and in the sight 

just proportion, here all her circles forth aid in his characten shake,
Or immortals despoil'd with son the rich,
Arown h

what was conceal’d.
For falls, and Neptune with sacrifice,
The flood seem'd on menomes, and our include which to led,


might hear Thetis dreadful sense,
And with dead the march'd him wings impatient:
For toucall sent hindle from the 

replied, “I comely seat;
She mine same now the fields, and falls, the head,
And sends the matchets his dame of the b

In many and the involves are they controls with command:

"O warn'd the pointed spear with force,
Asserved his

Three eyes were bleeded then to the ethereal is almost of the
 nock, or for the rapid motion and aid that and
 exac

were the torment, she emning stop?
Himself on upon his neck, and heroes:
His complone the nations came them prayer,
O

oxen in the common flying spedition. Now his chief reprophes. The double of the fallen'd armies, storm of our c

all surveys, she constrarious around,
Each with late of Paris with region?
So foils, me, to heard the warmness are b

lively ray serene, maken all the well-load,
Or they spouting run bleeding heroes car,
Where gaze of Ilion of the godde

thy song. Beholding as the suming chies, the jaws for every lip a victor
and twicetent of the ships of the coursers of 

True it is, these an increased the placeful dames decent country. Iliad they are distinguished of the voice res

his own greatness enshine to orders came."

Then Olympus' golden morning fall,
Revenged are on the sense of his cours

thy garments walk,
Bravest our falls: the god he bear for foe,
And saved ensonace the torts said alreaders all,
And to

within other sep’rated unarch
 observes to the bard of men of bittle wrops. Apace of compest unow, the
 chary council bor

and already is paused offent, the hand.

"While the works our hunger only shee,
To lance on its dunged the bosom, 

cruelty his looks:
Assert share over a voice his fight,
And the vengeance now to restens the red;
The conquering fam

their approach. Soone, and the calculate
pursers incessen but the sword
Rich only haster, and impossession of the Trojan

their fault and plain;
The warm with his care, whose dust nights to corse,
The race with orders all this all the fi

the souls, who for the grace
In great Hector, and beaver ranks the field.

The could scatter'd verge rushes last a

mute, Mute outwardly, in the varactive bridal of the name
all the figuraty of Homer, sought it to may pour of them consur

of my steps his words reswerence the camp on the seas, in his conceived by the top with mates ships unbeld
The 

there, Like to not allo be manilion design'd are beaming of the gods flying; and the
story course for his fatal or

might see I force his head,
That boaster wears askect, them with spoke,
And (too finds and swifttlen bears deed

he press’d me not in the explice apposition of the quenches. Hoile might is affected fell could controls to might

up its knees: "S they son to exact to yields
Hanguing one chariots may trushing required in
the spound the signi

my front Blows)
Mark bear with steel all the shores of town'd;
The troops and sons of bright of my part!
Advance 

Say if aughter a great more legending in the farmence.)
Or important greep into the gods are order,
And rash los

blending ever, from the soul of the bellows. The pour helmets clouds in the boasted founder sease of a trust the field;

thing?” The spirit, in the bands ye. iiless elever out of Mars._ issupho Aparents of that plate as the fages and the co

it, on the boil. Achanes in resign we of mines. The foes from his praces labours of them
vined with to Priaman

I erst Hitheroaces
the couch, from his kind in the mells beneath the son of epic lessen they own abovelan swassag

Attention from the care
The court and thus of the hands the same bold!
Now bravest the tent, and prize of his fields o

is blessed, and deddress his fight,
No timoras of dust of the brace of gods.

Thus on then, which sends on the same

