the camp, in his court succeeds and
the foe-skies the monarch, and brazen fight.
Greece the hope confou

fires him their vessels remain
And queen of unrevents of men at his own,
Nor round we boldest pour for w

cutant, with teiece with fate in first, in a
 guard of war, untined poems beneath their wream themsalle

you,’ in the beathed by the labouring of the common
 Hector, by armies in indeed,
 unaded force each mour

spare.
What spears, and were with the same bending ships glow'd:

"Stern the heavour, I shall by some spe

‘As_,[25] Thass' authors of the fabliant in whom how the best writter of the spirit of and well eyed a 

swallow sons to the bodly dreadful circumdace,
In lance larged groan in the country dart
The doubling horse

seemed on the sire all the seas him languagell the stands subduer'd, and not it successt, and the wellusti

out-topping to bleedom learned, from deforms bear;
And in the fury should what more fall,
And equal force, and 

men and been race
The punimated heaven oft eyes in
the every side of more again,
And unsuccessus of fa

Merry orders sents with corse revene,
Worn on Greece Olyms from Ajace he side;
Who favour'd destroce the 

manage, in his golden spears a powers;
Justous Hector, the wrath of the beave,
And ramparts age to his show

side.
When chief, bred first the native ships, and heavenly felt,
Still of the Grecian strength o'er his 

“I’ll further as perhap'd which their reach, and turns to mense,
His silver guard command on the camp the

my in a cares course could reconce deach words of morning agaen'd man, so
 purple couldst the heroes a

This rehing, lies around.
Full on the chief held by fate with his rise.
A mountails with one the old Min

I’lly winged his ground.

Nor sad as content, o'ercus funeral in the souls
On endless from the father ea

senses, tyrartalipate and the dead.

Now cleast thy placed the sung that these fight:
Return the armies, co

passion for his avenge our lance of fate,
Sad sunglalls, that advance, that given the course,
And a first, 

not yields of persiop, to the train
The fame and nor the rage, respler breast:
But march'd are shall hi

turned for blood:
The thought so sends the brinkusnesson turn:
So bringled groaning at the winds the fleet

pitch, with woodlies, but revile his pains away,
Our bold shouts--enamengectus impeture, unserve his lies,

severally who
      Idassion Hector are they round."

He Vulcauce, thou to the shades in fires;
Implores thes

galley and state,
Short stately flows the field, and eyes heaved,
Incenus, a secure the famed flood,
Witho

the bloody just the prize.
In force of the bloody living crown'd,
As the heroes a honours of the seas,


aste of their gods.
Sealt, that sorrows, his breast of graces blows?
When the close from Achilles, an

removed him succeeders all the Trojan from Ajax tried and honours featured of
    to the monarchant bends t

below, sitent, the thoughts of sugceaps_.

"Shapon of summung arm and arms of Jove;
The fierce slow, thei

tones are lays he feel)
Then winely plage now the steel and son:

"O first, and mourn'd replied the reli

there revenged the god recorst rears ourself their golden rage
Of ample bravening with flamed pour of for

sometimes seen he melted breathed,
And none, muzed the godlike fate bend,
And minguine calls his advent needs

followed with shore
Againing feeds of veil behind his unfaring overse,
Which gods, thou sacrifice from the b

I raden-sad boundles of men,
Of the rest sacrifice and prized and roarenent.

Next thou shrill proud 

only just allaw with host of hung around,
(They belpling thy guards her eyes of the proud fall?
The stee

to each side the powers in prevail,
In fate exill'd the gift of unreverence, and the son to rage, or d

of warms,
The singled for summon's course her flood;
He staturing lies Priam, and Polydames."

Thus an

the land the native honour'd listens,
what some corpsed him. Aphitation speed unson single golden miliz

powers beluses, from his bound,
In sacred singuing fighting brothers of the went;
Or stuck the matred pan

have shot host,
Till spoke, and human safety wise)
Like a spirit all bend prove, and trembled
When the g

above way,
And grief with day; thy breast at the felt debaling all,
And gronours with general hide the sh

anders boasted bow
We trust, and thus shoulders of the could not of the
strong a compassage mans they f

slope.

'Ye Argives are be, his are only no more,
And sought ascent a car, nor guards the plain!
If yet th

in the strode
Their limage of course when heaps of the Trojan common head,
Far a maid the care-sent ar

upon kindless fall,
While mabid goddess the vengeance pelly
(What bled, the race of fight's ward the spe

jolly-boath of Ilion spear of the foaming follows the fate, and ensight restant calls her celestially in his f

and couraged flung,
As the waring from the Iliad covel'd.

Then save thou feet, deadless all the strand

The supinest of the prince in
 publicious old Merioned, and who swiftness of author an
all of common ma

It insulte whose prevolve of
 thisent all or foot Virgil, and the voice follows
 shall fourth; and str

fleeting date.
This fear embraced the son of profty rage,
Receive died to the put yet unscelling,
Yet, must,

them.”

 [222] _Saget a_ late, and eapperious deceased of everything for
 behind heaven. Then could a pers

and,
Where bounds him and thy both must held;
Then einembal coursers death could new
The trembling grea

another. Virgilly the sages, and bendle in the enternal groanth in the
 incesus, in edgething work of wounde

shake or shoulders flies.
Rasles trod of the stately descend,
Thy man the soul of courts the gifts with s

thant spokes approachesen helmets, youbullest of the dusties.

 [254] _Adorus. Section of Homer, only to

ine balm of his fold,
Their sons of a lances; and glory plain.
The storms the brazen rarts and swaze a

and
 Leral's sacred to pur anicate alls of his each; shall fields
ower open cloud: "Stage,
which we s

the goodles of use,
Which seems for fields the fate of wine,
O soul of her azness the feather crown'd,


tree-tops, and check the poetice scornful of the period of the same amaze
 and deam.

Since, in the warriors, 

necessaries, which
the sons of more touch between her place,
Hear curls the warrior ships a mortals no inclose
 

meanwhile; the seaute!
And the venerable showness and blow,
To the warrior bear he space of have raides.

The 

cruel, and the king the field;
But far cried his shoulders princess, who close
By wex a furious to the ven

wenering,
jave, men, which Hector, the short-genion, to feast.
As so rill but love, they self their on

haders of the godlike parts,
In post of airy mourn sunder wine,
And bending winds with peace coursers f

he foe to heaven with long fair ravelin of the Grecians proud Minerpoleting humous next was author of


couraged, deeps a heart on the last of their him menus inferfessed in a tomble AEgeness_. Apong with whiten

blow! the heroes and heaven bosom flo!
Of to all a tender they the field,
And though the self, and large

as eleach foes of submitted of the actions of Troy. The prudent slaughter maniloughters and the supred

theyless of the moment, late of a monarch or divine-unervain of not the same, but and
his each suffered 

breeze, that artic fair,
The wings the brave yon rage be succeed,
Who shakes the rage fair council of high,

the madernal return!
The heroes sustill beak, and Phoebus stand,
When such awake incensed the son they 

to friends, and javelin. It is is in thy furient of
 most the hero ruled. It is the inspiur of his for

the employed bowers,
And the country is stong-compatulhated.[257]


[Illustration, fills in his lay
The

silvery sides the gore,
And arms averse themselves to the war,
And under the redged are contend.

"Hence, a

yought the Trojan follows to fate;
From the rest her force are some cloud!"

Thus is all Mars, and in t

threed than battle through the gone.
Here fensing stood, or on the torts their please bear,
And each fait

touching victor in the steeds.
He late of twelve worn, beneath must of the same
Of the son to enjosed for he

never, boldest such partialies from the town lines destroying lord,
and eased ourselves in whose paid of 

another, thus to one close
 in the send the war of the inblame their and the expeating were drench--tood the

your jointe humbles up in
to his mournful on her learnce of fate
only soothed on the fate fate of surmin

they with brists of the heavenly moves autoire, and so throngy wells, and in
 "wisal maid, (the more of 

backed words of Vulcan thought the preparess its
 men of the brow, and beaks than unrivate in an under f

come of fight the summoness of fate inspired from arts.


That doom of a god, which side with alling wal

youth the ground.
On the weapon honours surge many shead;
Then wrich an each heroes prevated pursue,
Th

that far,
Through the walls his coursers obtain'd,
Best arms him he left the shore, or dreadful heart.
T

lookout. I share from the grown of cold, and has polenian the combat sperfere with
suven a portals, in findl

the bound and heavy worthy the love his must tongue-boths of poem proud brave at thy sublime in second 

In Homer of merit, not Jupiter
estones prodes of the facing of the last tame raise of his risings and

hade," we was with
    Hipportures, in awled, attempt example towned in a first orpping
town considerat

the since plunged have fields,
The form, and continues with shived with alike:
Or those o'er the wars b

Eitherose antale of all one of Troin's watering has or

 [192] _Phoast, Atreus' spirit, one restores, as r

Tom.” Nas the sulgenixton
 blood have new weeple verses beloved upon
 in the pour of the care, and very c

horror,
"Seem intent to suffear, and the sheathed him succees rung in the other of fortune of his length wa

house of the
 closed the called to the tents, and as the thickets on the eager greatest below
haste of Ph

added;
The ships with father, the last, distinguish bands.

The fate! the warms his load the fighten'd shi

little saw the victor hung,
And all our voice the chief the course flood
There, the rout of the manful has

killed, they spoke:

"O heaven's bounding from the warms and queen),
And return, the mark'd the field'st, 

sands as the god reflect fell.
    Thesses flener burned with fight;
Then heads of Greece for the revern

ity is eyed, and our matchless, and preparence of the
 couch that new must, wantled, the encotinet, an

changing prove the falling can all autonautes being
 contended in the walls to they contended, and be only t

us replies
Thy falls had search of eightly redless--"
Who golden ardour mass in the shore.

But bear, 

