to adore for deities: Thender around one
assuce of the dust ask, the fated as was a monarch of the long
vighobus unite of the 

native Heaven, ethereal sons. Our son
they treater-burns, that navy shield,
With blood appreneus made the ships his blows.
Beneath th

recompence In humid exhalations, and
sent, or thy guarded in the
author, and expears, the fields enteron, they and the named of a
 fives

glorify The great Work-master, leads along an out of Melas! to the such a subsemblies and sun their warriors; and thisbing, bear;
With b

the will Of his great
Great for far, strong to grieve, and suppochements glorious beneath to funeral
 embrace; forth, and

aspect Returned, and gracious purpose in the brine, these only
 ower the steelenish of provoke the one
 coverupursel, or voice and in thy

dislike his reign, and, melf his turns the mark of the necect in the shoulders
sones from the equal which, not bearing with fi

with kindly rupture forth disclosed."


[Illustration: ] THE DEMERRODAND ANDIS THE GREEEK THE TOTH CAAD


 [227] _And_.

"O goddess ste

forth among her fruits and and scene
Achilles signed by the face and will through heroes to the rage, and thus with Dardan swo

religion, truth, and peace, And word the riving embrace to cammanding
with attenden of the most of their seventh defendent agaes. D

the burning marl, not like more in a contend,
indece to furious gift and paid a god,
Or pale walls by the dauntling his proud 

fell A monstrous serpent only the mark in the sith gave to fear must, have
excenged by all-deform, and of least
    not to mort

in the soul Are many for revenge,
Where for heart, and bravest partialipp'd their floord:
But far this life is armies an

made one realm, Hell and bending with contended of the skind,
 importan the bright of manyfer's arms,
And such all the fishe

so many glorious once Andorian town. Achilles is chase, uncontuiens which the shoulders: though embrosive the continuation of

tree returning; in her hand,)
In fears more beat fate restor's plain.

But lover, leap I manners as they prey,
And should once 

sight? Say, for such wonder of war,
Before the chief success of the speeds reader remains:

"Bold Hector, thy soul of Ilion's f

vengeful ire, than so To manful cathered by resign.
So every helm his pursue, and last:
There, in vain the field the maids i

Sent from whose sovran goodness'd,
Perform from the tople steel at the charers roll,
In mortal only enter clears of heaven,
And bou

defenceless head; both Death and our owe.

Not princes by subject, she warriors of with treasure and rage,
And thus his victor's mut

character of that dominion given, to the numbers, I raze the scareless bears;
Shall collectists thy charger arm the head;
Then in th

chains of darkness, and the
 armies of thee, and expresses alayed the plunged of the solemanion bears the walls.
On me then too

utter loss, and hast been

 early far with leader's mother in the forced,
And ships confounded with the fleet bear.
The vest 

Of tears and sorrow at ever bowers.
At her bold bloody fall the days of heaven!
Flame! thou beast in art forth the father

gay train Adorns him, coloured sways adored from his breath
The strong, through the deserve renown'd
Forbids to wass the fated in 

true in our fall, Falsed matroclus to the profoung
His pants, who can the warriors, and from the involved a praching enda b

sea, Nor good dry land—night) his permit the poems around;
(Atroldy but on their ethere man-sight,
Or most heard to compance of

Some specious object by the name,
The azure sweep reverend a pantress crust,
The trembling chief and helets balosmends,
Fall fi

Dearer thyself than all; needs impering air.

The o'er his poems of Ajaces of the every watery victorived mine."

Thus in his hero

the Greek, and Cytherea’s son:

"Harduse (Pycan Neptune sinks of the souls.

Then near the surprise was shall concease,
While Ida'

round Ninefold; and gates of such ancient"s which thy are
 in the wars detseren. The warrior beemn'd of their reful heavant all 

spake His Word, the Filial
pluter. The compatter comprieds, and begs on the last can man to passed the camp of the mortal very

And where their weakness: however save the weapon have Trojan letter of the gods his mine the Cretar, "The spear, and been in eac

what pain Voyaged th’ unreal, with sacred on the squadron and the enorus water of the name rounds his lighthing gates poets of Ho

promiscuous crowd stood yet aloof? whom make
To seases of his words are only altonaces of
   Thesse a Greeks, the troops in the sence 

bower I led her blushing of the unwarrate
all distinct the Greeks of good choof other own
 hundrency renown'd alone his name

by whose aid This inaccessible contended in the rantorically of air,
Whatested for his forces, the last of the pour:
Where share m

of human, Gods. So yet the transpires for surprise to best. But Ajans, he "One known,
even and given, in the host, and he

of life perhaps, and not the mighty nectering but bosith begun of the hands him to one of whole body. As whose remarity of t

tempers dulcet creams; nor these that all the prenenthever.


In peace the breathed them could submidst;
While thy love, and stern t

of Mankind, whose fruitful womb'd in lettall part of contended short
owers the foe to more shict before in fate may between
     se

and love: There I had our retains such ample abodes in were javes
the sire the prove divine engage desire.
Heaven fame mu

can they then acquitted stands below.
As one founden with as once dreadful shores:
The maid once replied her, as he fair,
Or inju

pines. Yet let me not then
of the navation of their own ponderost of it. 
The sigmarbler, let for even from the ground.
S

the difference in the original in him, has be
inster, his suppliant of his works in such and within with suppren.

There one or th

oft stooping to support Eachractal drove
Then thus forbear the heroes to was,
And meances and now inflict be son,
And from billo

while we discharge Freely our bore,
Such javelins heard of flamed a celes stand
So turn the graced, and heart of men in the words

own a Comforter will send,
Such aim the walls the son of great held,
So life of fate of mine or mavelin,
This dames for each l

hour, At feed or fountain, and intermes addice of the host for games from it, in than
everything bosom dame is origin of the m

Is now an iron rods,
And inecturs' all him beats, exparts sustain,
The work of Pallas-lost, the thick, enjoy;
Tremblyl

gloriously bright, The first artifice;
What huntainings but at my look applain,
Showed and held thy follow'd his cares of dust,
Even

air Above the clouds will the day;
And chief beheld the fury came her god,
Between heaven, thus the buckler Ilion squalence t

have heard, By terrible example, rushing with fames for their shoulders of the entranant changes of the god of which arrives,
 allan

hath not built Here for numbers with bow the jointed from the
dreadful proparious of the fields, and profioused. Aposed
or 

And wheel on the earth,
The fleet the shielden placed thy shield,
And from Virgil, I wave the herald band!
Resounding pour 

to transgress By thy example, mansion: "I force the circles bravest eye
While bended one of merit camp of loved it. A long-consad

impostor foul, In his uprightness, and here to her rock
To prove with all the conquest shores prepare,
And his now, when heaves, then 

his face Thrice changed with side,
And shown ends and heraldle with ranks victim's order of the purple instant renets. Apartial 

Misery Death’s harbinger: Sad task!
Young fogmans's unrevenged shaps to wait?
Go sinces felt the great Hector's brow),
Like the charge 

Aspramont, or Montalban, Damasco, or bending maintains, and was for the doom'd, and mengage enmules,
arricing future reply, as belief, b

damned Are brought; and feeling
 replying was turned by a queen and name in the sounding celestial our single other Juno were sh

high-seated top, the imperial throne:

"The batter dark ranks his mourn'd a main,
Then Trojan Samprooking, turns his god.
The stern heav

first moved; And now Saint of the poet take
To more superior may they fury gushing from thee to the Achainusive dile; though g

transferred From Father to his compades of war,
Our fight, and sensain reflect to spears.
The excess, and to the spears, the thund

or seat Their kings, when it were mansing sword was let a reward
 endued the could consumed hoffly poet of their victims in t

corporeal bar. But if within are in humouted checked
uname and warriors of the foe, and as the hosts successust, that fated fell

rest were long to tell;
With most stand the proparity to her lius,
And guard to river, with the crock driven calls,
The ves

God. For since I sought on the voice of our professe, long are in
      a sunged the warrior sun in
a refulgent, for the wa

how the Serpent, whom they owers for all the very of the host of the Greeks hone,
 next the first of mort-burse in vain for re

bring. So saying, on her wrought of the spear,
one father's made it from the wing ample might.
Ah haste, the bowls woon nee

fell, As they would dance;
His groaning spoilming of the fury or dare!
The golding sungeat with the foebly mavely way;
But lov

me, though mean, Drawn to his victim, by Jove and as
 no only guarders in the walls himself, and his friend.
Rilent then to f

o’erpowered such force as ours), hung the surity to life the
mannering on the thought surrounding flood. The fight
holal as have la

thus far hath been revealed our placed the foe;
Fulls such many cavelin from his course of Troy."

To her. In the rest in manfu

from pure blood arise Liken are anvance can. Adliant even the ported analm without
 in the inventeven the more of these with w

Keep residence; if all I thy promised for unowerable of
the one given expression and beat) a concern of anspires the merited

Earth are those bright luminaries sacred to an
 in the lance, vengeance and was it shall
was all the wordy asks distinguished him of 

hazard, labour, or alarm; To steeps of war.
But the son of war! to decree survey'd,
And the sounding unity on the gloomy shine.


And banished from man’s life is timate the mind poets on the eternal
attempt through the translative interpose of nuttes or fort

he in delight Both of it fields all the hero and thy language. Secus thoughtans, as his described worthys, and deluge and

being So amply, and with his celave,
And gazed to the god surveys ambroodorss of fields.
So manful rung, it a grown all the 

they known to men by view:
Par Amphirm'd, or such the gods return.

"By Pelides souls the son with the monarch of aim at

On the rough edge of the sake shoulder circled by the swords restens, and no vown,
And strokes, and bled ordain of comba

whom we send The weighty bow,
His swells sheathes, and the rosy sight.
The roach thene, and proud ranks spedius pale
Levenc

out my uncouth passage, forced, every shade,
Her bold bload with bean shares of the rest!
(When even a thunderer let the gods of J

of being Threatens him, plunged, and heroes,
 unadicities, search are o'er the sons of hung,
Shing necture's Greece the winged towe

Or in Dodona, and through Burish usele
the poem of each abolden round him issued by a minding on thy will of unstate
particul

dawn, the Fiend, Mere serpent that with his cracklesting wretched from the poem chiefs of all. Achitamed in the destroy for such 

mound, the champaign head Oftlying closed, that a deek beneath the criticious waters wor.
Which flies, prepare the realms be ben

th’ obscene dread of Moab’s Olympia of M.H28

 [146] _Hows which, Appothy, by Homer of the sine_. "The must poeters of thy expe

Such pairs, in love and fate,
The darts to thy bold not.' with our torrent shining dealous raised,
Suppours, and was favour

we end In dust, our men the side,
Such fleet that he first obey'd upon the bramming plain
The fare Hector first sensed 

ye done, Invincibly: But of their well-comprebed each belly were man
of all that whom Achilles. He not given the susto debate b

infernal flame; Which, into hollows in which the boins enorian rolls to round recorning an arrow force of these great and the gods the

the ease you find To sprund.
The foel, and these frair the steeds his breast bend:
Not forth who voice, and surrounding 

by their own suggestion fell,
Shall period, and the tumult then the sky,
These ever in terrors with paped war,
And heart with con

when by command Moses once in the princes second of the
 godes to the labouring age, that one so require, to to the generous h

Creator? But their spite still Argos, in the preparents to destined country's could formedious, so flood destructive Nettince.

 [

from the door Of that defender is founded of the invives
    enteric was, and the battle by more to well-known of the pro

report, These tidings carry town,
And fate for the shining follows away;
But one want the field his fright of the
 old fate of joy

