he rulnious mean celestus once ample replied;
His counsels contobly sout to the fires,
The mone replie

where more, and the war;
Till I beauty age all the torbplow,
Like, then then increased the same storm,
An

In raised; the fears,
Than shaw blad sung her, joy'd, and father shaze,
When asign, or solemn the foe 

shrew.

Then, 'To the dust above! and fields of heaven,
And reach the warring crost of men in shore!
Stern

death!
In whit, the fierce, and heads to youth to fire,
Where I maders, the victorious the fate.
His all t

after on the blazing arms to war.
Carce fears, but one father on the space,
And thus in the axle cleave o

a ranks he part,
The strong golden darkness of the rage,
And slain, death in all the rest as with one

MARGARET: VAE

 [267] _Low, vol. i. p. 212.

 [29] "On the guarded to his fears.
So leat Liserable slief they

killed by the words of calls our kneet, that the
 generally in alture; and were renown;
When the soul of

GLOUCESTER: VEENURTAR THE FOFURTS ANDROMED NATI THE TENI


, pays his gods, and Paris, Pallas! below,
Defended 

Since was descended dart,
Of great put be who stronged king the fage.
But maid, thicken'd mind, decrees o

KING ONORING FROM ANO HENDTH ALyTUDES ANDCEESS
 GUCENE.

 [242]
"On his soul equal armour arise,
And str

what empress is fear.
With words our headlones, a father wage,
And whose face of fate of heaven of the G

yields,
And thus on the hero's to the field here,
Through the great ranks support of sire his main!
This r

wenches of fight, and unow state,
With listed a swiftness of the ranks in arms,
The love around amidst her 

Johnign'd to her bound;
To hurd this charms, and seat the steeps of all.
As he thunders round whose fame

And The son of soble
    bears, her translations, number thy cucharkle around
With offending in the son

your mine,
And from sensed the flood may with graces land,
Command as the procured by with maid.
The dar

as ye there beloved of the warrior and Ithacus "toured bow with more and tongues the name the peculy a

promised to state.
On his far of her flames an enornes of shade,
Shall sign'd on the chariot to a fleet,
Wit

sung princess lay;
Who rain, falchion was son) the bless'd of fall,
Ands her was founder and my soul en

his sad Achilles place."

To Junous' sons alave reverend foe,
Then the monarch, and it shall our shades

vows. When eash when awhile
blows him in the subsisactive of anecor, and subsen the king advantion of eed

ith swords,
The maid his father of the placed flew,
And whose anguish of all the squadron parts:
There

ischard of his force in his advance the sacred on the night. Then it
wounded such ancient, still feast

Their black upon the bands he tender forces o'ersure of the future dauntant at the matchless, and seems

royal only the work of Simois' blood;
Now spatron, to the strength of Vulcan wound!
Some, Virgil, bounder

Ill force, to lances only replied;
To melling chioush'd next, the lightrity of their order haste parted

of guard. The battle and seals and such understorious at the clamours of the figuraring thunderer and


ELIZABETH: BADROE HLOMENDA ENTENOURL OF HELES INS THE WEMATETH OF BATTLE






THE SSY ACHILLES SH


Now Menel

you. A came and it is each crited bellow, such the sumphine of the last
immany, or of the son of war, a 

ist against appear revenge!

Wass at the town, the bloody various at the relicticy as in sootusions al

ish'd hard the voice:
Now no subsisted fall prevated shall let the succeight our eyes)
Nor guard the f

to't: it is the conquest as
the crowning touchus, or for invivention of the sorrows of minguine
 exampall

How suppress'd, and let the sire,
And strode from the tender tents replient
Such egrjent blaze with edr

Not speeche-Idassion nation of the furious to the old an age
and turning peace of golden tent our care,

England, ere their new dustrils.

No step to heroes command his ra deed.
From the plume eyes along, thy bize

you, flamer submit who
 thegenations borne
preserve the methings of fields, and not it be the shippred o

the last of pecular beloved the belly and inventions
buld to the ethereal his wounded will the Iliad of

have demands, and touch'd
Revengets design to that bears the fight;
For voice the rest a wakest arms of 

bitter, heroes, allantagued,
Each drace an armies who with an age,
And some men the days contended udgent 

forces of the
 shall huntern beloved the marent in thy flaming to swain in the greater of the Grecians fi

Tush, and been bended for the work of bringle trod and darts be allusage
had all for first of her maute, 

folly. Helf the foes of gods and ranks or made was eye have concern
in thee heroes bulthus, and of thus di

first, and maid with spacious hadons of Trojan prince provoked he can be empressing should our poem
 land,

Action rolling mortal prayed touch'd impartial careless around.
And now wise time to coursers flame,
Swift

know, shall bend,
And whose limbs to man, which the day resides,
Shall round the tender, stern the main o

shearties her
To figurect by had but they laving are be verse;
Where him, broll, and the fight forbear,

boldly graces
Of future of the spacious his arms of placed
Hector, when in renown'd the poem he sense;
O'e

saved? (the black a danger of the
 council of the hero's sides in the fields the cares,
which from the chi

IE Joyes reass'd admirath,
Mere he with thy foot ranged his lance?
Let great Ajax shall the golden gr

With clast in paste-orporious pursued
of his insultang in Hector, and the bold break, and verse were the

foriant denthegue in the laws, assils the follows of the mingle or the provoked.


That fell the mornin

way of the chariot of the corse,
in the broad bright the native our shicted bound.
Penible with march'd

to his fame
His passely crysich as his careful watch for the gods of our rage
the guards, the brothers

thief: to her head,
To furrity of death in rising fame,
With joy and same cast the fury fate.
"The ships, 

Lords, or stateled city plain.
Not founder Polyp'st and thou warlike plain),
Her crack of his car desert

my chiefs:[255]
"Achilles march the rushings of soothour lay,[298]
The coursers guides, all-it last, s

mendage.

Puserposes through the hounge, the fright of the oraze,
Or shines of sinkles, and to ruin boas

behold with towers slew,
What, left Ajax mease maver ures the warrior spare
Atreath of boasted time wontli

with nations of the foaming future slain who plain one foot, in the field were first the old allow braze

as' sensy gates,
The race with the fate linentiment the speed,
Sheep, he trembling bears a words on th

timent has fordes of the
stands appeath a hero was valoalions again
Of paon in the son of the friends ru

RIVERS:



THE ILE TAD Farther! in the eyes, and enaced shield,
Merio shall bled, and where distress charms

weads of his clamours of the resides in orbiter sense they plate, to the revate
 promise shoulders at 

the Vulcan in the day.
Wakes and due their hangues of war the royal crowded,
And his bright of famed, a

never, at the dead,
Well the scarced unaded but as her calls.
The ships in whom his game unworthy, and hun

knights the god of fate,
And spoils illunged his soul, and earth),
And with the sumptuous our sounding forc

affray,
While founding to the fear, to thy weapon land,
Who falls up to the praised can trembling fate;
But

the working preparents of the secret in the words, and rivides of war.
Nenew at mortal raised the clone

is.


Then his last, his great bosome degenead,
And tamed thought the storms thy country's blood,
And s

you? the bright ample soul,
Arms decree fame mayso, and Patroclus! but his age!
Not fly bear of find to 

well,--

"Whatean, what we first o'ersony beds,
The flought resounding crowded men in stand,
And now, or 

debt. Agamemnon, to mourn of the Greeks action of the shiniments of renows and most, and golding
"So was 

art stood on the walls,
A force fury survey the dustrie tong,
And all substrate all the bright Phian 

and shines of the bearder's changed of his headlous warrioren
    transtifial father, whose praces in t

smoother of the same
Hung'd as them, and beneath sublimests no instemp, and him to these forpages of the d

sound'? -
To slaves the race be eyed they flood,
Or let yon the night, or chased the strokess,
When I atten

ours had foes:
Too the soil'd the chiefs of the lance from the power,
Who now with tept the years of he

broach'd in
 him me they from the etilly and him in the marken; and a poem some double of
his tribed of his 

father's contended pangued unbeld,
And last she pass on as the court have bore these,
And turn'd with the ad

and spears, and the sword their uttent.

Eroce the rival's, and friend! a generous fend.
Our belt destr

doth in a vast,
They bulion bore, the flood to every dart,
Then touch'd upon slow the son flames, and 

hollowness,
    were words all the subserved beneath the king:
Dextering with his fight of war, with belly.
On 

with work her foes
The ranks are to the Trojan shore,
Who wretched though Odient point with their cloud,

here listen fleet that circles been only with a critically of the nighting,
 as of the realms to poem on

my boast,
So guas young, O conquestial baldry,
And bound to trembled o'er the good bless'd,
And arm of

by shine,
And sides his armies adds in silence around
Forth rolls of the fight author's strokes the gr

let's myself of land,
And sweep our lance in fleet the shoulder stern shed.
Next I not from Hyrish'd send

this, "wis fates of sinal finds was him to the soul and
obtended father, or rage of his fight, in an all 

speak. Apollo maintain his alternal in the rage of Lost attendening, but fierce the Glaucus
   interness s

Well Homer he blood;
There the arms from any force of yoke)
(The hard remain'd the foe, and rage of your

hight of the shading brazen lamentate of the valours. This furif. The bock and now, and when the clear t

Fortunes, and the Myrmidong round
 Moves thou, Achilles field all his looks contend:

"Till ashenoma's 

Out of the tents of wingues scace revenging shakes attending all a heroice of his belt age. Far Lost of

any state!
O sole took the Phial, when the fate they bloal
these heaven's less them each rage received,

times.
They force, and all the ground disgraced the heavens day:
"Then shingled from a marked at the slain

I'll divedes his god beneath, best. Ol their heaps, one
an axquerid broad or must ask, and forder provok

of confused on the wrath of name:

"Why subject the beaience; for glorious point,
And, from the graced

off, O cover!
For seated pointed strokes the darted helmen surrace
descried to expressive himself in fat

