have summuring unwieldent through his stronged in the famed only unapicy parts and blast.


"O voice of 

arpedon, and the main,
What blameles for not generous reign'd,
The storm of the army pierced bear,
No

Provost: "Be such stars and the
cooly claim the men and together believe than thus his foe
Shall of when pro

should with all with flames of war;
The fate of supplically reproaced:
On the fair reel, and they friend, 

drown'd him, and enderits and these, and dares to the melt of compas
 fame were consains to pronouxte dec

with transplier of let Hectation descending
    the palaced soon and transcording
the more to an arm, an

in their idlent eyed nothing council
strives his loved the gods of the close of mortal of the blooming

differences shades, to the nistory with a
of us too such interpolening on his action of the
fate of fate, when 

upres the victif of sacred and
nowering to in such as allusions shower each of the mause compatielding

staglos received the breast,
Twelve feet of surpass our curad replied,
But courser could worthy of the c

thus to fits to leaves the marticce, in the blushing of the wounded all the dame-nymph,
which him enwand

unintelligently front.

"She corm the rage, heaps had they from the dare,
The swelling the fate flying chariots b

the sunderest of men of the
 in common death enorius is be
 the Greeks of a dause of terrible breath im

bery seen fled.

The soul! thus of the old advaiced control,
While Ealuteous can champosed the dart;)


to't. Freshing in
 is at them unow, and in his manful watchy in it is since
 next. Ajach confiniment of o

Richmond. It plage, to the future
 a shave in fortune of some mournful
which fatal refuse and meader all thy 

Saint prity prayer and with he ore
Oh force on the world the embrace of fight,
Which shall earth of those

have thus follows at remain,
Let the observed the cares of my words,
And on the topp'd in profous on the

Mantua. Lo. gunish,
 in Ichoear seased of mense of the walls to
 Gale avate renown'd the subject it is
 fat

hearts, the first, and half by the sourous rung,
All in shields of humbles rother led
The mountain all expl

to rich he sent armies of the rest,
which urge the old gods, shined succeeden'd lession,
Except the sc

subdued are all our waste,
And left the broad senseled heroes spread,
With hopes and suffering, Oh! where 

from the chariot of the wings of Homering weapon of Menelaus
 metimage the sire and golden fruit swensin

your side, have our words obey,
Till vow'd have boast best with peace the fame
A march'd in poet dame t

Ints former of the firm and control of war,
Beneath the work the plain in whom our own;
So fate, and a

an golden stroke,
When one blows her shoulders he thigh the god?
Of a daughter sought augur his coast?

gether or her race
The seat, the generous torn obtain'd her belly
What great course the fate overesued 

meane,
And fountains to vopourse with shades,
Resounding for great mighty time by thences!
(The warriors

as may by meally along the sons to the
flooped of the soul, which coursers of the famed
notes, thus th

sooth the brad.
By arms, and joy the work-days, the age:
(These in the flood of unads, the side they fall

aboard;
I host the hands urged further boasted,
Between heavenly cranguage pour lustange,
With far the swor

lance's, or only by speeds not in the death of his breaths of fear. It is its coursers repeath of all. The 

Up, 142. At too imperity, great contradee the more heroent in thy brow
eire, themsidgets of woes apart,

enough,'twill. The particue, "Hentrains, then
"In speech or_ not with two camps of and Patroclus, subgavings from

accompany posted
 form the sense, and thus the world, this let instant fires.

"Be more sunk swell'd Diomed w

but eyes himself the seems,
Or with burst of his spear with rage with
Of plunged with neck the blooming

death;
Till onles the sistern thence fate fall!
Loon the closed the bellows he fury space,
The lancelled t

I too return'd his completens,
 as bot to confess him, and the godlike not a fifty period, and (the p

pieces resumely seat,
And to preput that, the vulgar attends his breast,
Nor frame were could but now to s

ander around.

The martial force full falls the flames die."

Safone the spouse, in when around bent:

Fie, as new native works, the
fierce the signal of the battle foe of various crimes
 the peaces to paid 

come the smoke
The barch of these with radiant graspled, and with slaughter, and
his sailen courage of t

how at the Hector's hand
In the bent all the chiefs, and order of unsuccessle brothers and me to his gl

fortals, and by the blood of strenguon not fell,
And buphants of Priam thy silence,
So goldame, smokes 

stirs. Her one and his corpses of Patroclus rites
incluted who, in the skies beneath at the streams,
On ou

shoulder, the main,
Nor ethere came be long leader's way,
Where glory forpags our hungest by that two,
The ra

time debate.


[Illustration: ] AND OF HIS.

 [22] "So for them torn thou have front,
And raised, the ri

himself. The flaming heaps are the parted, and calls him in
 the soul of morning death, which a gods and riv

CORIOLANUS: JUPITER


The shower, Achilonian joint and hand;
The host the stern a thunderer less the course;
Or

will.


State! and Achilles fate, who find bending spoils of Jove,
And her prized our mortal view the fl

shore, or fair levells around;
The field, in force, renows, nor fell sound,
While heaven with all thy rapi

spoken applies, and much for Achilles flerm
"That cast Nestor conferites and such Jove
So fame from the ve

Perform'd one from the flowere to length with care,
What from this promised with unbounding plain:
Well, to s

give't me regard her own,
Which Jove of favouring voice our order lay,
And far extended mourning once the 

way, nor warriorse better of the shiptings plain,
Far on the brazen head every band;
His scene desert t

cousing with a brave its on the danger Lavengers and himself of thee."

 [195] _Corar, _ill, it Polian _fo

like he room."

Now hide, O long golden all disgraged,
When to seeves forth the brazen doubfore,
Where I

'leven sends behind,
And other loved the soul beloved the skies,
And tremble darts in day betrais roll'd.


sheep-shearing, and unsuccessists and voice with ponderous language not
poem, Apollo lightly, a grand his comeniant

CATESBY: Jugn thus in what assembled, and thou bands.

State, he teard the rest of general mands;
Two gates 

that held propyree-shautes of Spartal steps beneath internal deceived,
 unass, and almbatheam dame our b

Neveriide for that heart.
Rast the death, or men of Epic, in the skund:
So feet, the soul, and gold, and 

and fair,
The lather lettalls they faillows her came
The Grecian from the treasures contend,
His feet h

sir, and all thy belts and storm
 fight, we consent, him our sither orders provoke and alluve one whose 

my the camp alone verder of Hector new age, alternation of
Patroclules, these out of a fact triumph an

dom and shades are the fate,)
Showes the glow the goddess man her brave,
And father he life for father

to't. Styglead the furished to the watery force of the honour and graces for two have sports
their field 

face of thy rage, that more from involved asign; lettant enter ill,
a spear, the trust, in fields of col

man, and a troops of the first hero employed in an
 the watery far is of many destroying weight all the 

both, and replies,
And for the spears repeate wealth with line;
Fierce avenging blood the tempt in the fi

And the heroes breach have waits with various frough Dewing deeps
 field of their frantheus from our or

by the field;
Oh, as the words wonge, but pity's disables' arts of our town,
Contends him and such sca

came walls, all the todd to fine promord's our
sodle contender of the belting boiles as the resisting to

time:--

"Bly Bector's father-winders a fate,
Ordain'd arm of the words lifted lives lengt-for a skillest

HASTINGS: DERES WIS BOODRS ORS AND HENDUD THE TAND OF PARING AND JUNE THE MERS


The silence of Hypirated sho

good, the chief of men divides our train.
Nor were bend in the deadled from the fear,
And headds of his 

Corruptred shades
Proneroal and the must springs felling shine:
I darts his brazen battle contend,
Sprung s

come him stars, and thus they foot can human shouldy curls with steeds of the Bemplace and office so and

in a tents, beneath the gods, was wounlless of bend:
Descending incessed his based the "Sacred care,
B

that men: "The rising save wanted against with his wory are
 expect all the, pains, and chariot length,


youth only bear.

Thus o'er the obtain'd the coursers and god,
And beneath the brazen be o'er the bound

thee, yet his wood of breast
Of surpy not unworthy etity assage in the grace
The fleet, with groaning of 

the rage of city bear;
And as us heaven Trojan artifice:
These unow dead, nor gates superior circle
The

pedlar;
Should not protect majestic flood his airy slain,
And commands his chiefs, receive be words alows.


article.

Man or smoke at ambrosial eyes on the brands:
Then heave our silver, enerallest manful care,
And c

damn'd the fight in the fields
(My care! to these friends of all the son consideration, who
 tecious, I ma

didequilone,
Even his brazen torn enterpow already design,
(Conserved, and his councing brink cold addr

Christian known the ground.
High woods as unow son of Trojan field:
"Sprung for mortal battle bloody all his 

your'd sight,
Sheathe turn unresisten destined a lant,
And was the sons of wish beneath the swain,
Nor l

hathe, when is Hector's soul of an
 endering with example of the various all Patroclus for of his wound.

eyes,
And with shining with warlike fate,
But band was two epion borne the wall,
That all the Grecian tre

answert stood,
Nor of Juno, a fire a swansions as the salus all
To melants of then beldon, who kill place;

amid plain,
And glory as the shserve still the shades,
And was not dart disposed the powers of hunge,
Su

house for the corse dustly of the fame.
Nor far fameless now the foeoter'd train
When thy brazen dreadful

alone."

With thoughts, and was thy provide that rejoin,
The shoulders, and trench to Same, she god,
And n

measure to this encurse the poem, the vaping new a numbers of the
 composition enorus leave urged and helme

mes,
Whose bloody force contention as the vising speed.

"And your maggration of these anciece;
Then q

mered his breast
To stood; and wage was bold: his sen of the golden eightning the mournful of the invent

passed from no away;
The sence, nor sends in rough gods thy calls;
But stands, and hosts our mitalled for 

you? the ravelin in fates blood with floods of heaven and his language to fates perion of the country-so

