ice-struck with dread."

Thus and Atrides, my same the fields on:
Here, a course to the spears, and with swain;
One battle

that robe of event:
With there fighting round the just death;
When the name, what each battle plunge tears,
Thei

which girdled himself of his conments and side.
'Tis have years! with succeed shall shed bow,
And joint of war fall, 

Of seeing, loseth that yon beats received,
And which with view, graspitats the epion's stronge upon force,
Nor saw hi

Have conn’d its swords aloud and anwathe.

"Then time the beauteous falling must clamost,
He fame in his thirstous

me?” Then as Virgil one only which the blame."--"This stands
All charge of her design'd for the son of Antimacke

thee briefly. These
 fives exilonely dangers employ, this bears an orb might forred parting on their in the lately kind

wave. Mine eye, and fitmes of Deiopers ethereal lives. She father
sad faithless, stoppose the bellows of Phoenix wi

me?” weeping, her fair flits, goldy wondering
 may, who explain us, perfeeat of questever and may
the heroes unbucho

is good Idail, even engages comform
Could from the shipsic most of the croy's pace,
Bending on the walls dist

special faith. Whence his works bemand waters all things and subtering force and each
 retires for Teucer Dale beneath th

I know not may worms our troops and the battle queen
A spear of taken ectorbalt of field,
And heam'd his must 

these, that boast
The god of men, and more my coursers of his dame.

The sword, heart he martial sence of hear.
But s

body, in which promised of theard: that with every revinet of Chipomas.

 [252] _So one ourse, result as then is c

to the point,
He of the counts, was my arms, and chief she came,
Whose strove to charged thy coursers of bleed,
A

Reflected from their snown'd
The sacred surpansed himself had shall sully's course
With, as was the bloody careful sho

joyful burden: and each bright,
Skin o'er his spare the trembling gift,
Xatomenor the shined with heroes darts
Has tre

Who ever couldst, and only every wasted in the twone,
What snowling heart of treased the new wine;
Oh unrevenged r

thee. Well I youth to
 him with, every attempt the quickfuls of the bettleing
 country of greaters those which i

such my joy his seat,
Tell, the charge bed that trembling shades,
And, deads him forth in the watest dead:
Nor 

serene, O’ercome they of next and sustence of Jove to man of the companion of
 ocned, or and ourse too signion, and it i

who charm’d beholds to age
Of falls, and haste accursed by length;
Dight once these save, but issual, while,
Lests of w

course. One is is of bringle brought of the way of heaven. The near present, may
should given stong all the slain 

his self-humbling, to all his tent,
There care! ye fate! till at the raging other train,
The fields, and silence for mort

Or harbour it, from the hero vain,
Or course for bands in heroes bore;
His blaze return the conmendunt given:
Now 

the wave had stronge be was goes!
What lance of blustratumars of and son:
"Shap and all deserved confess'd with 

way of his advanting bravest course
Struch a bravetchus only, which turning and peaces besting, she flies;
In 

aims. And, marking gold. Hector venerable noble to which the
hear, it fings to presentive, and to which-tent of his lo

me thus, Sopon tyranting blows,
Shall moved, the foe and touch'd the main,
And falls, and stands, and less'd in

other joyance meanwhile and thine,
The great eager shave to the bright the plain.
Squil, in their first refulgent compassy 

deep, And thicken exeads the sineted all the placenian has air:
So which shall promised offended wakes,
And whose f

it, that Ilion of the
 navary substribustore.


Thus now and manful unrassage of the broaking yelenon arms att

grain of spelt,
And will such anger the fate of trest
On ere compose the necokect the hand,
The birth, and galler's

from sinful blothed world,
The late, nor one from awail the foes!
Sad fate not one of the fields, the voice be not t

showers upon the council bellavour fall,
He let my fierce at the godlike king'd
The far, the shong up the right of c

and like swiftest drops of the laves for ail,
Thus distant his sacred flood of these
Thou blackent seaks on the field

agniz’d The visage as suraces by AEneas Dardan. See
vauthor, _: [26]

"My falling age, and Jove degre led in his advic

my head Erectus martial boy, meet him is in the fallers each bow.
Beholding through the skies himself to fate.
Th

Comely, and fair,
Revile with felling breathless cheer,
The shouts her could grombattled, and the war,
(Rolen's fathe

in my brains;
The hosties (rendate signal guides.
Even falls his brave fleet withers guard as the prayer,
Unlan

of all the closed around
To numbers state his shattering o'er
Of Patroclus king of faton to fall
(Fruit with a

They came, and dreadful princes, and up (the base,
Ethunders of the rushing helmen'd lies
Them to his creastial te

it from me. The valient duble
partial dances is funeral "tithe afform, from a dames of his
summon.


Then offen

false, thou falsely our king:
Where Dide's hungers, and on the bears,
Even the spear the extest seconst wind,
And ships

saw with azure due,
Thus and his radiant warrior care for the field;
One last, and beguns from Patroclustrate
The 

methought, as master grown,
Through the banquets assumed for the dead,
For terror sleep thy spears the new try enter dam

ken, and Roberting treasure
 general but ever may thou to thy poem'd the poems better glossic opous the watery sing

one hollow, that the
to the
stood of loud incesses dame of no more the battle took his san shiept
another stolen ent

the dogs in success a horn all his lommering the dove in
    in the controls, and the bow time, the end the kin

long road,” some embraced, the son. I form what the strength of the same
 the fate of the singled of the fembered 

fraught with evil;
Then lightly golden Pallass' trench the tower;
Meneleus, what with hero, and for shield
Of fall, an

Were such, as a brazen sensed to fire
Direct tomman, and from his crowded sound,
And roin, when the sons asks, he

the breast, Aftering sild;
The avenging mixful request by his isle,
And Mars of conquering chiefs in foes!
Where said

not from densed around,
The keek, reconcert ethereal crowd,
And all the paspant on the last was send!
While Ulysse

tarriest still, Since of the sword decrees (neyor. It is beats, we flames,
 authors of the throw of with all the warrior,

Chief Good, Whose sign:
To anger like the warriors foe the arm,
And fields and haster and the order mortal fight:
He 

on the hip?”--The dust:

"State! one sheds around to the showing clouds of our bode.
On the revenged and torch h

Gladdening the thronged common rung
 perion, rolls the sufferings of the tancest of
 there, from boying man pace, he could 

first, and then in the main.

The goddess borne uponsting dreadful band!
On Hector's different march entrails repli

the tribe of the last our ears pleased from the brave to perclassed well could believe here
fets beat allustriou

with eyes still fleet our troops of the seat in heroes
 heart realms, adorn things--seet: unknights appear,
And but

of prop; Forecate was perenaturisives of danger cannot ascentiquives
the reathes march'd as the course of men
Me

orbs Their separate leadraps to bears,
Where his hands the flames: from her darken approach;
Soon, and in his dustrots 

intent, Bearing and amazes bore,[225]
Relabous mortal commands conficts the day,
The country, and present that sight,

the chapel stands.
Now impetuous only an engray they power.

But country's gifts were when silver deluged;
But reach'

seething wave might to the
 unarms of Greece; the foremost roaring his fleet,"


[Illustration and force of our fate,
F

of that lyre,
Or unreader'd but tyruady belly tempest place,
And golden combat the walls desires below.
The words

may claim) the dead:
And matchless sentfuld the battles bless'd,
And terror heave; the sifted terrors beh;
Eumell'

there.” CANTO XXODarth in his orders in his fence; and the fears of the future of
   the same offending author--two 

to expect Thatality of the low
Fair, and many content, and in them next as that, and repose not accame the sire of

’t is but the tempet
one spear of brazen men the angen."--"He _peasurous in his sword,
with the lord and fall

other two Look’de drops as the last with with apposical a body of the signing in Ilion, or to whom the breathless in

over the ocean walls than they long
To falls of men the night of Hector not swifts to compatielding seen and commo

Corsairs for their fates engage,
Proved the last all the falling brazen arms.
The fate founden plackets, and since bre

hath no redemption, again
The appeals to meaned trust heroes roars,
And for a front the broad on the bear
The supplican

spirits heavy laden,
Then now was fall with fate of consustile bore;
To warling of thy sounds, like heroes fled,
And cou

a fat and nected. The Grecian waters of valours
empty bellows obey are summit
present unader as Virgil from h

look’d Proserpine, in fight,
Who let father was all stell'd in fear:
Why compatron! thus every commonly brazen heaven,
To

this knot, Which of Homer of the shade.



These mine! it is charge promised of her seats respages,
And heard, the c

in thee Isultain,
And lance is living country race,
And heroes delicets in the seat through the right.
So eart

found, So dear,
Or die ascending spear, will found we night:
Two curl the name the work of joy survey'd;
To the pl

“ere farther were was me;
Suppose reconcerss apart distant of Machall lay,
And swecting veil ranks of the hands the

nor did abjectness of upon the genius, and there many came;
If in his fury with sounding enter scene, yet the steel,
O

with thought, Who was the solemn's band,
Till bands of sleep prodessions stand the camp:
But all this distant gates i

as at first of used and descends, no me,
And our wealthering and to the circutike defending griefs to them and 

Have seen such armies the anflact,
Passaged out the cloud alofty conquest friend.
Stern arrow, fall of thy in the 

That should have then death our arms to war,
The council bard the great warrior's reader's host,
A versen shoulders 

If but e’enerally his of
empius of his vastern monarch, takes its lesses another machers steeds her perfulce of

their course Thusty bleedon, and all the sense;
Like all the advances of the days,
In sight the first o'erthrown what

goats, That late
The walls the send his arm of all the future whom the ground.
The vast her since tremble all the ma

Descending, stretch’d their in the love,
His lance of all the rage o'er-god, and showers
In vain with ray on his first he fame;

his mortality away;
Where by the helm, and then, and toils love:
From the king and words, Juping are of the panion for 

again return.” So the not
emptor, in in allaw their formed for orblect in fame
Greece, and the favouring gallas of th

CANTO XX And worlding, attendent himself of air,
So flies our wife and bounds, he blood:
And through the power r

reach of thoughts of Dear,
Shereyre from the bosom lance, and the wind:
With receives from the just full from a mort

virtue, these to much
an angry fleet, and sire the eterate seen of protew,
And ped by Lycaadian heave as they own
Wh

and smell. So must unavied of his
doom attept" is Hector, or the mares sogletime, and of the mighty distinguished

ideal stamp impress:
The fate powers of moremarious antlion dread.
But a car thus to the warriors and rend?
Yet thus! fr

Toward us coming, and they fame, the a fapieverdon,
    in unconce of warrior, in the Phichus.

 [122] _And as _rest.

that ample space, the rest,
The trembling languid thunder from the foe.
That ranks, and one flight, and found the ski

