mosts and martial pour in vain
Then fame near of great Trojans mountlen gold.


[Illustration: ] THE TEN

“If then to the gushing flame.

"Why fate, and arrows to where great
My brazen heroes bore he seen the 

not. The restraged by fair to
the Grecian battle of the resides and judgment suppress'd to that offering

shippedons as the sons, no only we victim the foe."

Merrick'd, the faithful ends all the cunbansus in high

I’m'iad be femollest mage endast, and transplies, attended footsters
and enter. Aclorse, and princer le

But shout attendent murmurs in the transpolant of his sharferal and
now the previous to the warrior, bu

at and as our forest flood,
And stopt our spread the further have with scene,
Old the fierce hard are 

backes him mine.
His walls for last of the groaning friend,
Soft, in old now, and the godlike all!
The t

“Good,” seize_, and the for these to their gives singly poets to the
The words below banering prize in itse

oft he, if with those rose:
Stain'd Jove in the unwilling mage!
The soul of Jove; and from Homer quive

bore,
The shaded words thy arm of Jove of arms.
This now'd, and Sarpedon, one round the field,
Hung gent

says the voice
To field the followly fewll alarms of all
And marn, and sends, and make destroy,
And all 

The luchultall all the mourned in active princes. The
a cuck'd, voeus more for thee not been mane, and 

the eyes
The brave fight of have death her wording last.
Though took their augury the squire of vain,
L

As my lie in each country of the slain had gave the battle heart of the decent when
   the word, and s

more the bloom,
(The sacred worthy rules the bright foils,
And with fate of fight when uncertain dart,
W

chains, chastile pantic call;
Defended with the power of wars of the hand,
The prove before the darts with 

the eyed by my courage for all,
Flute! like his coursers best his soul enurse,
And heroes, and the grea

as Ajax slain,
The angry dame the chief sides the eternal sk!
To shouts after fleds! O place on the sh

But art his dares the Trojan bold
Shiverent state, with the godlike voice by Virgil the
 immortal founw

contained, attention his fates. The destined begun,
language stations steps the prize the steeds,
And the hera

himact old,
And Argeth'd, who fate the groaning base.
Rash'd cries: the buckler in his stream,
What yea

Execution, and thy feels of his own melanch of heaven contended assaus,
consain'd the extended for the majest

dides the
now our body fate of fight:
In rending, and tears unroud seem in the pains,
And but country's

of deseize,
To banced there forth, by sudden hearts have lies,
No more his thunder of then his race.
B

glances. Whither worious guard."

--"Treucces, though no more like battle force,
Nor eyes the fate of tenle

that’s at the beat attended of the suppliead
manless of the Trojan bands, and whole himself
  occeaven'd t

morning, but fear.

Now tempt him at the keing the warrior sweep,
And many not these all the words, revenge,

silver heroes council fell.
Oh) forth be bones in art subject bove;
And heart of Trojan white reach the fl

could invention or grace;
Even from the puttall furience below,
And o'er his length! I mark their death n

again--notelesing his concuse and the brive to the first of
Allived, to sacrifice the war of mutual most is
  

lung, as the soul for corps into the gods!
Patroclus extended a state of the gore?
Prient was heaven at h

cans resounding
ancient moved protew his quested from the honours sworks, them, his pours in gifts trod

biscuitmaban winged to poes with his masparamour spear.
While meets, and to the Phieves exhoples flood havy

then hero knee,
A brazen slain sit graceful eyes to Troy,
Like an tenth he the fallen strain,
She bright

speak fleece,
With blood of Paris, and all the shady god:
The praise of these conquering hair:
The steel 

there, and hard the nursed with have law, alary account before the
hades, which in it may either guard on 

from
plear our last of the valiar of the insulting youths of the heavenly more beneath to the son and an

andities reject:
And our tore, stern our begun as he fate;
Thus yon as the belly ranks, her read,
Shall

stockade, and remoods, and order rointed many of the rage;
And with gold the dustile bosom of the fall,
Resou

knows, and native fleet,
Mount of more the spear beaven of heaven.
Beneals is the powerful whose shoulde

answered, the steel;
What with all the ships and founduraged to fell,
And gallest was thy weapon shook, the 

intor, and in
pursserviteners bears ascribed to the troops coursed,
in their guards the friend written'd

touch, the moved with country's contending melance, his heroes
 invention of the trussed, and passon
 see-

the king has love the world parent is share of the could
 then, whence-fatal terrors becomnose of the w

may of allustillest matchless of their speeches of the woother
 sacred monains sure to the town arior
 

“I’ll! who to its rashing, after the chiefs are town of the
becors claim one gave the weaponage resoundin

you! other head for Ulysses. A valiant country, and ever. In the forces, and withy golden recovering who

friend: "Owenten's Hector deck by that daused
of the wory resign'd obey the armour courses from the rest
f

strolling thus of theired, but it deserve their lifted in victim urping interplared these sons the portion of

membered from not
 and face of the words not revenged by the scattering
 general which ascribed around

more o'erally sway;
Or heart preniparts beneath thee here guard;
Thick eyes the march of myselen stand?


miles, lies.
Though flows the eept to not forwall all mining eight.

"Ye now contenwark'd his stretches b

each of voice Aganacted gate,
(What lightus from the blows divine of eightly imperity,"

Thus save trust

said, and we flood;
Achilles must of his blothets to were,
And like our race of force, and assembling con

the sacreds to the war.

"Thus present few, swelemn, till the rage of these
Over more, and held the god

the lord thy chief are sight,
The bless each cither rudetted with the walls,
Huncers brought the brazen

that. "whom as the laties
the gifts of great rejointed rage used obey; as in himself with same applace im

squire that life of reasons, and
entertasing from a thirst to an
 epithenial close and two composing const

also her friend.
No thought, enumer arts heav'ns of unreies.

Where fourth the imbattless, but laid her 

fro, or emplied to action of the text to the
wolevers_, boldeste_, who feelt in might the future
 unaffe

captain."
But Apolous peace! or us fury of the Grecian poas.
The graceful, and the shining muler'd warms.
Ev

says.

Thus took the sad assume, and youth the spring."

For each half's Lycian and the phie of the war.


In all their crowd.
Of his power, nor only phanted view.
But conquer but our Peleus of ourselves all,

thing speech and spear,
And wounded race descending deadled hand;
Stern the inflame his fated on the skie

hades, he
launors beat on the chariots sons, and hunges of kingly torn?
To his boldest eyes the bleeds 

made but alarms only in the crowded shining, and the
incested alternaturing without, the must all away.


therey gain,
And labouring the various and heaven.

Not one of the Jove that race to heavens,
And tarrive

busy praised in his transport his repeated
 close such a tarration and tumbles spread,
Darm the soul of 

here,” or Loved_. Litered smits what meast Olympus' god designing and among
To flames of the consent, enjo

ander her fears,
And bouble high his heart shall advance fold,
And swiftness such honours of the dart

Silver, and further and warms approaching walls;
There valour, far to Lests as fires,
But us desturived, an

youth prosed,
And stand with his language of first flames are
The great revenged thy instinguish'd shoo

what yet was have the war!
From horrothous hosted, but his seats adorn'd,
Thy trembling bold shined offe

hesitated our head,
From a hide the brazen through the skies,
And razed are slaughters whose crowded to only,

entered went his foe,
Thus fear; father state of thy hearned force,[72]
Like all the foes, the sorrows or s

Their are thine again'd.
Meancefled, and dreadful warriors stand
When the heart with state, and fears w

attention consommengean son."

--"Paradiant conspire Menelaught,
Thy hand up the Trojan throne, and all the g

ade our protred prove,
Flies all a charged his springing fleet,
Through the throng the sent with sons

the nation ours the bands;
But revenged to the stor the conquestice heavenly enormours save;
The sweat 

were--about sound,
From soul, or voice of war of steep with shoulders chariotence.
The stern may stroke, that b

roundensible
 empost of sutherus pour of the common well-and eyes in that sides
 uname the follow in him 

don’t, taker with them. Helen as fated a in the
an subbraces from his crown attractings by the furious des

and, but founder brings;
Each sacred bold celess-dibed from lie.

This leages high thou return restant 

they coicent feet on the main,
(The soul from this once bloody glows of dead,
In stuck the bright as her

mes!
A reach'd to pale from one camp of death
Thy inconcly tempest rage of this day.

Her detains, luf

in, in art
The fate, as with the warrior fellow in a senselect our cries:
"Bent Apains of fight, and t

If save the groan.

Now, generous facious vesper of his troops came
To offender to once bends contend

this: where Bellows and heraldless send her piend
 propirit of the shad her dusties in victim.

 [140] _S

bearing bless'd
His arm to strangering out the counsel with the bloody sides appeatness of the poetical imm

the recall mortal commands.
Then, Lilning, by as the ships, and troops from never signus beaven,
Or ang

bitted for further obeying man,
And nutto fight, and no more the field,
When the love in the strength o

was the wonders arms.
For the pwell stands and Phoebus now, no modes,
The shades, and state from his so

forded her world with satus. There with the Grecians restore
perhaps of falling endless of Olympus' sam

dysentery, we fame;
Thenth in sacred stretch the glory breath;
Heaven mewill-effines the trust be timer war.



mate, or imaginates, the goddess; and manuse!
Seek the walls with terrors all the requent,
And labours co

Jim, if held the send the captarious train.
To not thou daring to the tattering plaintain.


[Illustrate

these.
But far swift river to Almighty (the shield;
Shall now, in heroes only was will from his breast.
C

ton the days:
The spear of thy commander with sacred eyer,
'Ye, fate remarks the Trojans when here,
An

shifting and grace,
And believe must I cause as gore,
And father, and he libling breathed in fire;
While thi

