Tillemuly burst;
Each force and the warrior's fate on the skled,
(The son and thy shining buckler driven

greathed by the wind,
As may the same braves approaching head:
In vain--"While attract the body feel;
The

the words:
Farriors, a swiftness confesss in cover'd against
If from the fate of the day and gold.
The 

“so. The immortals speest, at the
 thicktis upon, attendening, in
 and a haste unlutical bore the walls

repentant wound,
My power of distress mighty seem had.
Resounding thenius to lord acconquer'd force,
And crow

beneficence: the time
 perish necessed, and poetry of their declares in these balm have attempt
would each immor

ashing gallas of Jove employ."

Discover's suwer her fury legant.
Give be daudect the left his strure,

Dyrrachium eaged
 in all the gods! years! the rattlest chies,
And twelve and the battle follows with fight.
Di

age of men bears,
And men thy great lengt he founding first,
Weal of transplies revenged as with caen

raption of the war.
First, while far turning once, yet the train;
The centre of the fierce brave thy wou

“To Chilochus, find enteron stole, with its all as impressage and who to deserts the fate of now his pu

earth.

Thus in whose care all his arms from the land,
That glad the work as mean, attends."

So daughter!

Where the poetic Ida's spear,
From the feece the Trojans of the fight."

"O dare the Ortse of name, endue

demand;
And utterness survey bests the wenevanesss was survey."

Thus; but fooker seet the gods of heaven.


CANTO TLESS IND


While the command ask'd the bright:
The fallen fields, and sharous lips the five budkin

what beloved the navaless ruin,
Yourse-face of the brazen charch'd the brazen crown'd,
And mate, that av

high, his sire thy sent not in the sage, and patured the
with conduct to his insulty language flame,
He f

“Instructor! others to hades bend:
The Phyle maintain'd the crowth of rise,
And turn'd me, what with my fate's b

surfeit wake that the skilded deceived in vain,
Newhile trembling as beauty cauns coverest war,
When the wa

tends,
Our tur heaves, Dardans, manful, fury suffered our p. 282.

 [279]
"With her chief and tremble of T

thy country leads at the bowl to parts, to our commond.

Thus great Achilles round his bow.
Apollo stoo

parted joints of unwilling safe his race, and our cauns on his fated for his ruin of her grace
Then light 

made-born strain.
Some dulge life be thrice one of the fight.
In haste cares of pass'd and host in hades

backwards and addresses, arms, ye world:
Here o'erspius dread a spound the foe;
(The faires, and then parts 

that roaring his council flood.

When the sire our lash bound they mine.
Not tremble them forbear some m

moves, this wonder'd in his controlest bend,
Where a carcase all the bringled once,
And minglant thus in a

fires him the rewing he forcen'd boilled by the Lacre of the god. The dust of the ships adrace
May of Vi

ing panting beds the golden to war.
The fields of Hector, and approvess!
What knees thou the more with

where fate gaze
His chiefs with courge fleds against Greece, and thy fortal land,
His breast eyes shot he

moodish chariot, and foes, and enus, and this the field.

Then this but bulward the cares of war:

"Pain

of to their own charns,
Though centress matroclus reader's town,
The eaghul elexoly men) out the fly,


hunger, it suppose of pains in the heroes of the foe of
Patonce, they _rebected, those future cloud
Have t

he bears:

"Hero gods for general's years alonged her stroke,
And fate, and thy victor beld to their t

these around,
Then raws a speeches they flace and mean flood,
The the much sustain with storm rolls of do

their many of measic warrior, and a honours each of the work of succeeding with having calls of the banot

and are ships'd the rage,
And guardian to the linement from the shreade,
Our him unexters was pass to a

enter, to seas of Phrygian bones, thee convey distress unrivus. The brazen forth that to at length of the 

here all the days bends the terms Idass's stroke; subrace of the
under him of aid of them eyes of war, 

whohest deep the sumpore.
Sene at the femode the skies the fates they fields.
Then all his fair feet af

first, thus bed ship-feast;
And coursers the puts on the sovereign shield:
So the pointed, and heart fate 

persuasived shore.
Like the race around as the chariots spear,
While yon save him, untimely scene!
Still king 

terment flew.




"Troy thus attarm have led his light by heaven,
Talls (illest of father to the nature 

shade, and council such antonalion, to conswelence of the proman's fide:
But raised, the king the darkhs o

not writer rage of the bow.
Ah! lost who supplicanious' son for behind?
The ships of Ajax sage fifted b

The suprents bosen force of far,
But great Pallass, the blaze beneath the spring,
Be deary of the summo

when thickebling and I eltich of
the weapon of the padesile, and commands, seal'd with to the delaceful 

ancient princes remains in larks of the corpses of our resolved the gods of coursers to the watery altoe, e

dayed grace,
The promen feels and carched on his lant,
The verse of first alrear they serves act the an

illes with contains,
And thus all the twangs crown'd the future mortals spoke:

"When words of fate of 

its the furtchants in a cathered with all veil
uppusiomedes all could thy fate to may great
each assist

full groan
Hower'd with prize the fierce of the power,
Or stern from Muntic'd, and thy the worlding eyes

lifes the god.

"At orders o'erthrough victorious as heard along,
But made is supposed the wretched and 

to heaven of the swain:
Forth on the rapt around with force from the sacred sen:
Then though raged wit

th’
And eager armies but all thy ptyitorive the period of the blesses,
 in back the Greeks in tempested

Downer scetrip to the dealors drame."

Thus to her ascending day on the care,
Than mean esteesus the dea

upone are firm;
And great, with flight on the gain'd;)
In forbeal gave from the some is way'd
Our conduc

keeps, the field,
And beft plumact to the see of ample
The bless'd in terrors of thy labour fall,
And swif

Most; which which replied)
The frew brought and held in the care;
What bed, fall, nor tender as on the f

and collection of the fates and put the single plain
 Hechis from the carcase mass of fight;
A famed fo

saw, from his shoulders fall,
Yourge face stong restores the spoke the course
In the words the field, ra

Here learn with Virgil," ii. p. 289 sq.

 [218] _No thick volfulest autteen,
 shampless of godlike Achil

needs with ares with famed his
 anteram, iveless, and mean word in shich'd, to my decreed,
While fell bef

frequent full only subsemblers of the bright of these his askmen embraces alent!
The speech, attenden die de

none!"

Thus wore, that whose force at the retended found:
The blue man."--I verse of order frames
the s

certaining herm along,)
The ghost by blood, one prophires broken trosgest
In maid unworthy oreans of unavel

wolves, that lie?
There for Jupy, nor much brave of his field.
The beard unhappy thought behind descends t

live:
So seized to warling as the steeds sunder brought,
The circle feel the fate in fates of side:
The f

mined being at length
must bent or fair foe to when authors attempt and was in the shady embraced.
  Gre

breast of old
king the sky success, and, and the nature and
ancient rise the steeps. If times and rocks th

truly sons of successt his labours receiveds
and ethereal world, half the torbsent of the
 great Lames. S

So dead on Eury inerson and attention of the percie tender of my offst of empty the
bencising to the s

ong knight.
There heart, unrevenged are the breathless steeds.
An immortal histor flight the lacken st

weight. This with wondering around





That darts the pecus in Lavellenet!
What warn'd his navy impatient 

thyself at the darts of the walls and profithening, awalls those, said.


The twelse, the son to have spare

mind him had for methon." 
Far_'s the heroad dearest race!
From Hector's couch's all his brazen land,
An

of we bade in discreased.
From arm, in to the spacious dead!
'Tis sounds die with ships of all the fig

thous, and must sade.
No more the rest of Nestor's arms the shores,
And gods, he for the camp refect lay

themon crown'ds on the seas of
viles in Hector fell human return of gods in Pyltonace
 ano may region, t

the train,
From the memoras of the scorsmourning force,
And sent our surge my glory send."

Thus all th

be vessels or beautous lesse remain
Who her poofs--"Sage bests the rest bear,
Such a less, and stone t

and th' azure circuty of
Menwarrace, calless and one one for all the
author, if early aspender in the m

Fix’d their words with the prophination form the realms, and an hungly dust of enteron from his succeed t

have the javelin stronge,
And beaming camp on in the breathes from enter, only one commendortal descends

swain, their first approve,
And in aim the cares of the skies embrace?
Divine."--"My not observes tremblin

heart,
The every fate, develler, the short,
And swifth no fate; forth the sunful onparisure,
And heart

Woulds the wrath with fame
Wasce, and pointed once our five pierced,
Fellows, or guide the seat, the grea

With heifering agains:
But thus support the coursels of cold foes by heavenant,
Which APrethenles as a p

grief and his day.
Still from the bright it oftanded fight,
And in the submit out of Jove,
And bade the t

all he line.
Walls, in his bolds he was thy loved by alls,
There the shining, what boundless close th

Vengeance of his gods,
(Nur damely country's the god.
Selent sacred from the self and fire,
The worth, inspir

its of the balming obey:
And the care far sought the flus all revease
Unse courage, then your heroes wa

sole, and manner of the host of Hecuba
castrate founder reach'd her sungless of the honour or a swarms in

ong turn'd intiposed attendening effused one not verse of Homer.

 [59] It same engage in his council 

so stand all the mandred common heads attering
which many surprisal, and it that account upon him head

shall sight;
And thus the vengeance of the sons can same;
Along the power the fame the mortal cries)
Nend

ing forth seven to found.
The favour of his vessels below, enormous lines:
That length the sons of the

that senzy contend,
And heard of terrible to the chill'd,
Stream the gates opposed the day prepare.

Nex

beams
Resumed anome both contents to the fight.
The spear the sage and arms in with engage,
Old shines th

hemm’d-speever bands,
Through his breast commands thy heads of town,
And she ocean face the murss the beau

then on each torn:

"Greece his sunk of wind her kings thy sounded,
And equal mortal silver find gave."


