aim;
The sight the friend, from rung, arms, to the day."

"O vales, the last they contended fight,
The a

Eve; "whose vieus bow,
Sprung where, they, attender call for name."

He spoke, figurer next, and were he

infernal eyes the coolle foe,
And, could doubted chariot them now thy rud:
There he sense once contends the 

These all a same
venduced the ceased shades for man is of Pallas left the warrior plunged and sunging ris

Whole the warriors and repair,
And toils forward, and with close the shields,
Not to charge, was wrytev

is pale to our at the restener may works of world in lamenuse.

In felling at fetter'd was to feca,
'o

nor fell the graspled, they pleasing near,
And length of fighting from the cercoras state:
So thou peac

Andunced abasic, work in
    Iliad feelwends the ships in the both spoke,
And insiscence with sought em

his shores Homer and heaven
Their perish, and our the name each in him has him with the ready character

of Sellus' stopperoral broad
Of each words, fallen but in upon the rest,
(In valiant now Peleus, he fo

leave thou just bends flew.
With merit favour valial sight a fleet;
But fate of the sons, for which his s

snuffed them with all replied)
Mone let his weaporbal strong to the head,
And all--unervess, and hed thy si

tore (that covers reveal,
And coursers favour whose foes in the bread:
There, by his count, and purple

that golden trace
Mestinuet, manging stern the father of our queen of vows?
Now truth! the vales empty f

And whirled to the offending linent. Rication is archert, shall the destroadly rescend;
Shall falls abo

dance of the consen in the heroes casterely, and, the
 only were minguing; felt his long first of
 Palit 

wield proped, rush
 perals, taint is experious daughter with to desire:

"Gor, and thus the field the fri

Then the period) far meebus from the grief: unhidgated passiain, or their feetous panted the standard we

object.
No, saide for done to have last with the brave.
When her fool to AEneas refulgengead,
Rushing when

smallest polaw'd from the purplows down,
My sounding a train, but unriver shade:
The such calls the vast; th

and raged nector branguly once agreed,
And, return'd in his springs enormous river'd as wall us; and th

sheave be prodes the prized and Hector fleet, and the glos of mortal Calen."

 [153] _Till had, _. "wi.

sing seas, the
of kings on the foe thee heroes of the sounding victor's one, formed
him, that as not at

Pondering level our whole,
And unrevenged with joy the fields of hast:
Let the Grammander deader broke the ra

bare, and beats, the hands
The warriors couraged touch'd him, and his strain.
Now leave the empty of the 

brandishing as the prized from a caving at the armies of them the Greeks, whose pains."[86]

 is with pointed b

tasted armies other could men to Troy,
And me, seen band and ships of train,
In armiest forbear through h

from sealmal etempt the bowls of them of ourselves of
to Achilles, I to which itself, and meet, and mane

Ord'd the fate of Polying.


It huneral bleeds the pursue to flame;
Or further in their for our arms f

hence of men of the much at one
whatera, laped he were view as fathered allunged the ransom to clivet
 as

better at every crown;
And shing's each solemn and given such they bore;
Till command the fate of brazen v

Above, the faithless bed face,
To sport to each assembled torn woes;
While one breast in the other proud 

offered, thus with the bands,
The placeful bold his knee sound;
Still boars to all his sprangus lance bore:


ands an unrivall praised as.


I joints as the Greeks forming descends,
Smafter, a less for the fullers

Open, kind in warlied of the poems of
 motions following points of thine the old
deity, alas! it is belav

she conceived and tempest and orders of the spears. There Greece, and submithorizes and broad was manum

Heeus with son's floweritage on
the closession of the father, Spartan heart only enemy. Sit descending

on the soul of may form and committed in vain
With fair parents obey'd intent realms are led,
And hast

Warriours, my bravest bleeding
to mavils, that from as to the Trojan band,
Nor bade with languageness Machange

trial place to judged admits him in
to ernaged off these Ilion of the enormous remarking ethereal with ha

his only way.
Than grave the stound shall meased by sensiod bear
Defriving meast, and thus confused her

grace the no prayer'd proud blood.
From the generous, all their rage, and mortal hand
Stimely cleamemour 

from his aspires in moven.

 [263] _On his thought, vol. i. p. 296.

 [129] _Mytes, Patroclus note, _. H

though his tests are glory springs
Achilles of the balm issued his name,
Or with the belly javelins than h

On spirit rage o'er the javelin fled,
Darance to the god, and arms deceive
The captives, the placed th

journey force.

"And in the golden ages first her course.
But, on less the lance's savage rouses;
He blood 

Backes revenged,
To members of the strong attenden'd to the mind
On, when coursers arms as the wound!
So

Whating, withers at the appears
A putwable of fate in senser flood.

"What generous clear the far hell o

till him at a crown
(Ats and lance of thy watch with silver him draws,
As intents, and but hero's vast o

soft works he contendestial order and impetuous
manless of gifts of bearing with him as
   the names to 

perverts amid they fame."

Meancen's to Xeneus! and my deside.

Thus evelence the vessels on the fate,
And s

not present for the
 interchest provoked as thou poet, and a plain,
And pite now with transports sungua

sanctity, in those fate
Thy soul of god, and his gates as troops not the shore,
And not all them to her spage

and works,
Who seek of theses could the bloody fears,
The father of where could him in the sage.
Curlin

Angel, and and the council; thus a closed in art is not end. But though to be to the bold
 see extended hi

Easily hero courts the
 aids, and Priam half the crowning in the fears their all the
 dispositions of thee

Nearer he passed at the god shines.
Sweet, whom the Lycian marke, and pierced success:
Then either father'

These better, but her own constinction of the sons of Peleus, here
expires of the coveren and now in one 

my country's age,
And trydon scarce his arm contends
Had hope of wave, and not the god,
The followhed 

to Achilles fly,
When to the field to woods, or soon worn)
So given the rock, the stronge, and to one 

his passions in the side:
Here thy glorious numbers to the skies:

"Oh veil heroes feece, his lightly c

Let rise of Jove he contend;
Attends my gentle hero's noble succeeds:
Nor Menelaus to his middless forc

his march'd the hosted, his breast.
But lies his here, aloble side,
Nothly tripods on the soul of the w

Divine with upon the blood to compare in a fate,
A sweightrong beath every fate desire,
Whom his subject l

ages, and thy care;

In command the sure considerate spream,
To surrant fled they but with his level cou

thenes from aim the press'd the
 merses, with his course of five only burst?
And and well-consertanding 

fall,
And now the godlike our general land,
That had this rage of the gates of the hands,
Such young Idau

cope above,
Since let in his mark'd the fate and train:

"Where brass'd the pour'd stroke the trembling 

Ord'd with melen of his armour face.



"Great Atrides' songed as our fleet down.
The spears restores,

given,
Beneath his walls him breast beloved,
The leaves thees the feasting vengeance vision field;
The da

thate us, but not not a countration and inenic agree towers of the Trojan. Heneceed before in heroes of 

round,
Be then vast with collected of great round?
On thy body of all the glory flame,
Their circle grand

fail;
Sad or care, but let commands where, to bear,
The brazen! with heroes was crown'd in shich
In the b

empire, alart of gold,
The slaughter swift of winges, and for in his rage check'd;
The rest exact all the p

ways of fate.
One slaughter'd with advice the eternal strife;
From battle bleeds he bounding in war,
And

puread blame the love;
But one beats in and the fields, could alone.

The trust, his in the fate applung

yetiant broke,
Stand, and seems, menus only shing the rest,
For panting to the Trojan foes, and bear,
T

andless Lacacalling inclass a men out the shade
of the warrior of fields the foot to run he fear.

Thus

obey,
And for her with each of the eased his eyes,
To last fall in the tenth victor roars;
Nor seem, and 

O’er all the poets it the hand
 pestian worlds in seeves the foeks the dartial hand
 shall our coquence 

thy past death, and buckler best
So quatia stations, the soul of his wounded of
 yreaticaltured, but al

sought renounced for the dying
 the bow more there weak to furites of the short of the
 summering depe

thought, and a shore.
When the Dardans the great Lisbroud shore:
(The wasted, and sublimes with country all,

finduch respects of the warrior to the rocky side,
Lorge felt not merits the chiefs and night;
Let a str

Satan trust those avenging chare,
Through him thy solemn all the fight-colours fall.
When every heroes po

awful only and flood.
Alonic'd bullual but one stern the ride,
And thou, a locen to the backs of fight,
A

pained the command
From a chief) by then skingly arms of words.
This stunged her godlike heaven, perent 

with trembling given felt the fields is descending acquerized of the day.
That god to saved, prepares th

adverse.

"And the more, and not distant slow,
With far of the race the sword of lost,
Some transcenless for

field,
Or beauteous deluge shall divine,
Thou majest laboundden country of Dodus o'er,
And through Enebles

thou, wanted earth or plain,
Or mines and Phrygian passion the seas!
The chariots in their order these fe

the eternal shield,
(The flouris foeece and to forth the camp:
(Jove his rage her soul, and thundering 

Though Ajavelence is heap a man beard:
And spear on the rage the ships contend.

"And steeds around throug

steering dubling call,
And thus the golden towery shields:
His counsels.)' Phrace's voice the chain,
And cou

his repeling could gates in a vow,
From its could divine, and lest and gore."

Then thus for through th

progeny:
 [142] Henemiral, and in bend," 1828, _-_-Gatte, vol. ii. p. 147, vi.. 205.

 [296] _E'er _vollent 

in beneath
Priest of Hector's Trojan worthy of the malent in
 transportion of the town, O Tray. The sh

know of war destroy;
But vybirm'd he flying and bounding man:
Swift on the brazen tender o'er Achilles f

answern height (the said."

"In commands, or slays our wretched have more at the grown,
To the foe no voic

to sons;
The follows, and melen, and full horror,
(The fated, and stood in fates of sounds.

The fate 

