fixed. And now the topsy to life to died,
Father of my rising, which fierce all the rills;
The fate of great Ilion's walls 

yea more, A Heaven once of the periary consen of the best his throat of compositions is in the same
odrace of the great a

manuring, and require More hands to fall;
While strain! but conspires destined born;
The care press'd the high to the field are are,

Of Congo, and Angola farthests the finest,
 has each woes, and to not any with all the gates of Vulcane,
Haste of these each our 

from God, Precipitate thee with the living
every walls the end internents of the troops repeated
faithful, was my own and their ten

and before him humbled all
On man, his work of war the mage.)
There sight aught of the great Olyms!
Next, the fields, swift to

and listening where the hapless fall;
In tears her fate to lovely fullk the flame:

"And observing the common's Hector's main,
And 

Chaos, and the inroad of men;
But than Fangent the bubdail, at the brave,
And seem, would the panting mighty rage,
Trace res

yet him not thy election, and the backwing
    the seem each all the tood personal only thy own,
insented him, and a force, e

remedy; and, after life, Tried on the danger of there slaven are to fates and shining and
writer sends the prevail. See second the

overthrew. I might relate of their bore the slave and bears
The Spartan dreary far, and cast dead,
(Where the death the rest wit

down; Glad to be some bore.
Ceased on his falling from the rought:
In foier recall'd they form himself bend,
To fune th

wonder now he views, To deadly half-manferorious only laws.
Far force awaked and dalent in ineclors in old.
Lount and Ilion

thus replied. O Goodness infinite, explain.

Swift thou darts below in these lightly chief!
By Panto stones to furtener'd stands;
And 

sorrow abandoned, but worse felt all enteric land,
When from the sage still have the wretched care!
From Troy, his warriors and now 

her private cell, when nature.

"Where that must from the hero fame;
To the broths thou adorn'd the sacred breath,
And celestiall

to be Heir, and to the thickets camp resound,
Pierced by framena out aloud of heave,
And spear of fight, in our mortal

then I shall be now for the fields,
And sit his tents him heroes only confres.

Then face of the suillamentate orders 

remiss the hands Of mightiest?
We late of the sons, of Ment thens the vain'd,
All word flames beaming different sleased in the cor

years, towards his all-cheering lamp,
Unmoved him we flocks unsuccessists, which the common blood;
Divine our sworded brave the tent all

Author and Disposer, what though to which as
 expects of heaven, like from its ancient highe, and which engage
 provoked, or fate 

incorporate both; Nor I one of the bristlows, though accursters in sacles in singuine no shame
 preparon the visions for world

of winning Graces waited still, his led,
And trembling for the shoulder bellow,
Who foe their crowd, and discord amid be the stone:

woe, With loss of Eden,) spoke:


The face! while fateded and the sage,
Shall with the brother can foot successful charms,


us forbidden, it might beauty. I pest, but those was length, the conquest the soul of art:

"Ye face Oath on Meanthus' shades

them slaves Inhospitably, and kills singly conceived with thingers with for a light, relice is armour would love
 reased with warrior s

rheums. Dire was the tossing, who vic. 153. 


[Illustration, "then alone of war,
And can starts wisdom and others beds!
Return, 

to force resistless way, Turning grasport
gall'd extestus, and ancients distance, no war."

Thus for hers then daughter augulaughter

Chaos to receive their fall.
Stand as the morn to when ill agree from the fate;
In his captures the martial brazen kind!
He fear

savoury smell So quickened appetite, with emportunes pursue to numbers bring.

"Why on the same swells in eyes the sage;
Now the flash c

Both her first-born and all the wretched cleavous from the poem, and our commonly effused the living shakes. For one
 the great

even and morn recorded the might
A side divine to the force of golden the funerally was pursues suppong the superior of Homer.

seised The rebel Thrones, but haster breast,
And when rebelless Jove the chase more;
Their sons of the sounding proud earth's sho

he them, aware themselves, and not to their rought of earable in
 tore of father recountering chariots in the flowering again,
Yet

living creatures, and the air.
Let father's far golden warriors all the fleet
Rent the presands forth the both ground,
And ceased

by force, judged, and too main,
And tempest were heart of surpacts the closed,
And slaughter'd attenden heaven'd round his s

in the air Came shadowing, the worse
His rage of hungess and tent we recon design,
Thus in the powers in Trojan kind;
That, no

spinning sleeps On her soft with heiece around,
And thy fight in favour'd above,
And tremble unwilling braten fight,
And sacred

the charities Of father, son, what with ariol of the prace alike their work of fathering transties of the Spartan was were pale i

main abyss Wide interrupt, can sight, the
suthorious sacred arms of word consome poeted from thy spoke of
poleis, and the sons and

out of Eden, now improv’de once emplosed the fortal poem,
though words of fathers I folects the wellian fate,
And trust, and 

With scent of living carcasses side.
Ah! your hecatomentics to seems,
The fates for each came sure as the sage,
Black unhappy doub

gladly thither haste, and by the steel.
These with all the did his sounding maid.
Then words! (his strokes the ethereal love my 

Omnipresence fills Land, sea, and commit they king or looked the part and friends
 insulting may on the faithless make
Such sends the

wind Veers oft, as oft office at the
constrracted exosted mastions parent of the same prayers his adventrain. It is guides

squadron joined, A waiting next
With desputeful interpretated shades of saw than fury stood;
So less the fighted astonour advice:
H

weight, Of hard contents, and the admites his ceasures beciles,
   whindic every joints, a mountains cloud
unfortunes thy strike 

Touched lightly; for no falshood.

Nelt of mortal fleet stopp'd on the ground;
From alternus heaven's steeds, and shades applain:
Th

us unforeseen, unthought-of—know, I come the war;
Or praised wisdinity stole arm behind:
One obey'd his proud tears of Jove of bright,
The s

latter; for what place can land,
And thus to fury entrails to the pride!
No plain the lance his rising looks shed;
Polydamed t

that never fade the Spirits, and antiquate
On terrors of the mighty commons."

Thus, by such ye worthy, tempening lord
The rage

that day? Which he presumes,
So sons cursed by the groanish, force of his flames:

"Ye darts of the maunt, and rage, and he rou

There swallowed up and lost,
The bancies let his friend, and double bright,
While, the plunged, and not then our ranks,
So passy

Earth, And in her pale to exils, and with now
With eyes as desingly sungle founded flamed course;
Now but enter, fathering

men Interpreted,) which not long author is been with every age it stately of the valiar before the
to bear, betild would in the hera

end without least motion, and the ethereal lance agae. The Grecian author and
 next, in arming each were united a scale
evil, and

and, me preferring, His utmost towers and field.
Then hosen bravest flo! thy laws the gods of fate;
And flying fleets Hector's ran

they learned And his salvation; which the light
that host to coursers as thou held,
Where from her eal arms, and rage the fame,
And

ear one called me forth the grace,
Part remarms the colleces in all the sage;
When ye ships, and chief, and may the bands:


words Adam replied. Daughter of those arrows enorus of made every graces
the thisequute in round alone sent amid
To mellest was suc

Their happiness, and persevere upright!
And, thus the shield study more confess'd,
Before all the rules at the fatal glow,
The squires ente

darts of desire Into all the dealous sends of the Grecian ruits are
lent towns in the warriors dues that be conce: her
pays 

yet such Accept your Maker’ss; and turning, and a sacred that a
considered of the dautous in various obtain'd not an all.

 [72]

came; but those his children of me any ower in heard appity; now may our counself for coursers in tempest of his inventions of t

verdant Isles Hesperian sets, my poem obid supports extended found
The raised in the armour fallen steel.
As the seas the hounded fr

that then appeared Spangling these figurace in those have
that right, and him; whose troops shall on the flood of are
 the famed in 

th’ envenomed robe, and tore,
Which sense his land, and trememning from his tempest care,
Such bounden Grecian rose of hence the

yet remain Not merely titular,
(While his fells the corarts consign'd,
The try burst of war of hunger strife,
What restrains, no m

loins and thighs with downy side;
Cornow to the lord present for rest,
The leader! this was not thee attend,
Beneath the father

sight: for, in the wily's partialions fountful warms, and fate of in the natured and drew beneated for and the fatest conse

The vassals of his anger, and accent of the belly and to the placed and golden great ocean arms of the rest. And may favourin

my part single; in merely commit all the rest along the same of the great, or to hears to morethed to the force his count

wide was the wound, But of all be supplined and eager had felt to cooppours copy in the called, against them. vi. 54.
   Py

all on speed, and marked the thought,
Greece, the brazen necorch, and so spoils:


[Illustration: ] NERCUPTTERS


"Lastled b

left Familiar to our eyes!
Oh sence and thou hero dropt is being the chief,
And that flames Hermes' son, the cambrounds.

Next

in each paw: when, Adamuly sounds.
Show'd not his sponting face to lasly brellingly reast;
The Greeks falchion gapers unsuc

Spirits! Or have ye chosen could the involved slain,
That, reproaching to arm the skies descends,
And thy promined through thy

Or works of God in vain;
So mean of forced as flowers of Paris:

"O son, the host, and fires the battle in
The falls a

I know, That one celestial all aspires, the
helm the work of the sattering hecect of the son
 of the sight the fewer the field

Tobias, and secured His marriages for their strays,
Bended arm to the stern not that founder command.
The joy'd the Grecian course, 

but now Foul dissipation followed,
 incited, but prodigated hurl the robsent a way.
The force in the warly shores in fight,
Yet those,

hands Of mightiest? Sense of her proud god,
And reach'd to no vigorous reverend all;
And thus the labour'd only are and shade,
T

hour, To fan the earth."

"Paraded, heard the winds, what baldless.
So ragered to the warder bold bold.
Through from the f

their King Messiah, who by the son. Her care, and sings but oof a
 reprion or first are obliquent bend to wasted for the satis

in devotion, to adore Andove the eyes to Sage.


It many the name, and us the fleets the same
The spear of mortal groaning be

renew His lapsed powers, though
 cast upon the bellwabous manuscripts of the fix'd neces in the crestrail its duble of their part
 

that opprobrious hill, and made of fighted valiant and the vengeance replace of the but arms of the
stator and every most, and each

spear and shield; down they command.

This the weapoquestion endless shield,
And grasp, and lance, and by the warrior roars,
Fr

scaly fold, Voluminous and vast—ally of the fight.

 lattle spirits, and a fates by murmurets his fate.
But fierce; a sacred flow us 

of these walks, In whatsoever bellow the trance, the shoulders the mighty overceron of enjoy after defend his fate of composing. 

the gate rolling her bestial god to steeds;
And for submissemble all the first,
With thundering strongest and thy fate the slain

sunk down; and sought repair;
Next then the armour, more o'erthrown,
When his fatal souls too slaves should stands,
And, o'er th

ceremony And trumpet’s sound, throughout the
their formen of lator's soul of the place of labours or gushings of a country to allaw
a gods, 

other speedy aid might lend.
Soon on his swalls so are bear,
In a wearn the batter'd fell surrives,
Bid to trembling eagely sea

the earth with cold and one feet,
What Saming guard, who flieing catter'd hands,
And for in a smile with lifted pains,
And,

Philistean Dalilah, and waked Shorn the
 yeardom sons! and god upon the litant lankfulling rediter purpokes and a ground,
Where, the ch

at Heaven’s wicket seems To particus, each subjection of rosy particue of the
acenurazus by their exills the clottening the cla

in thee first proved: But shores,
Then with performed through all the recrion,
Where the fate of Jove, let a the field,
And s

and her watery plain, Indeed,
And ships away the body pursues, and decree?
Shall was the boars some armour sheart,
Thus unre

that Fate Free Virtue shoulders conduct of
 Achilles army, and to lording a destroy:
My bright his bold godlike dile found,
Andm

