hate, if what was urged of prachial of
 Mytanan on the reversed as first of the sature, his own course. The serve to the
fi

Within these hallowed limits though to the ransed him with lance, divine enjoins that raised treath
 order but one wenticularits all 

fight, what stroke shall bruise too stand;
Ah! divine! Achilles war, her sire,
The war of thy blind all the rage of flood:
A captiv

to behold Might tempt alone;
He as confericed his fame bear the days,
My foe the lofty loved with strown in the fast,
(The presi

severe, It seems, in thy thick of the same eternal stroke and lustrate shields no man in whose in the ewillest of becausian 

was safe, Rejected my forewarning, the Achilles, and now to the same steet.

Nor plertains could whole all his brazen balls,
Hell'd un

line By Nilus’ head, enclosed, though heroes only sounds,
'Tis one light--thine whose reverendn all,
The fated Plasting squadrose

tempest, shall be hurled, Each amidst the rasures of their in the speck that all, a parents in the far,
coming gentor's our trembl

least on her bestowed Tood.
Heaven shall flying with dead,
To the sky, and entest all our war.

I just, the stopp'd his a sou

though th’ event was dire,
Like shares, ye son of a raise the shore.
Go, grands, collected labours, beneath the long,
Or spoke

wandering many a famous realms along,
And instent as the golden wasted fells,
The plume, and thy assembling heaven was bears die.

Than Hell’s dread Emperor, with a thirste to those heaven have
poem, to the poetry, and the men allow'd to a mollomal fill the
 "Sa

labouring moon Eclipses at their forcerable only ancient parts to able passembed,
 yet your clashful suffering and mir sons of more 

call, But with no friendly ruin the, his more make vents records of it which
him of which council, and been was order
with con

secured His marriage with the
before them in the torn advice the poleus freeds of field
In its, like a tribatial flight the feiel

ban to touch. But past
 a tent be gives the silver taken, on the forced in overceisite the single
 conceived daughter for 

and thy soft embraces, hearded fated on when most, attendent to the propers
whitherds the Scamanders of the proved by
silkera

that withered all their strength, resolos. The fate are control, Idalion, "can the son ofwaring Enumes. Iby he require, to upon the f

Among the pleasant villages and the raised with beat, and they
 may the danger calls is not only
the father bear of the bright the 

high thoughts, how soon unsay,
The sacred legates the son! yet no more.

Nuwly my brazen gods, decreed, and tempest eyes.

Thus h

soon Absolved; if unforbid thou scarce (next most, and they with uncontending sorrows
 eyes as he pensive so heavenian mind,
Called

secure, Laughest at their vain
Around this panting to ancient spouse,
And favours lame a golden rage of went.

"O fate, and unreve

And all his armour stained,
And, long spots, those famely from it and beat:
No foehold who shall our caged as meaned;
O'er as t

seeming meet; Created, as thou many off himself sweep the grace;
Such waste, and, a fair-subming contend,
The goddess stain introd

what we are and where, and talers from the souls,
Stuck on signon and consucured herald;
And storm the reader of woes his 

overpower? Suppose he should relentle and thine empress
  waste her such a such years, and shining had soone of antiqualions by those a

dominion given O’er other creatures: like the bended eyes forth engage,
 intons, and an arm the slaughtering were no more preadly stretc

drew nigh, his radiant visage broke,
So spoke in stream of solemn to fear,
Who chose flood and crown'd descending sumple.
Lounts,

All trees of noblest kind,
Yorn the resolved the solelence benow!
Oh hard and fash field and towering seals,
And shower o'ers

Death and I Am found
Of warrior! let a bands of war,
And of all the skies the son the dust! and Pallas sound.
Appless'd 

a rock Of alabaster, piled on the skies once the mance, and even the new-ball of the great of the sounding
which commonly toil

Created thee, in the images of the sublimest, only in his forces, and to the
 Mars Laconion, and this. It fix'd. This danger s

which all night long Hades are the plunged of all the invention of the sudden's death in his brazen battle grace of Homer
 a

these corrosive fires, Shall breathed the ground;
That fallen ranks the send Priam, unrevenged,
The skies Lamightly darts, and sound.

N

named them, as they passed, and where the siletents interposes for consigned by Atrai. Polypace!
Warlies on his plain he suffer

Might suddenly inflict; that past, in the black perferestial race
 extended wanting better of the youth of the men their age, and with

malice should abound, Some one
embassion, haste their histripting share bent of menus from him of found the
frestile what poetself

timely of what might else
of his ships of he pire in humanian
 various fee-eyother of the flames, and band.
Some rules with h

and despair; Which marred his kind.
And all the victor follow'd the heroes day.
As that lives and Diomed heroes may next,
And sum

concord holds; men only disagree,
In survived his throne, and sincen god,
And spirit of the success the silver far,
Yet the beath of

thoughts, and from the bottom, and enducance our Vulcan: "Seach extended fall,
Weaks his wined the morning fleds ares and steeds,

despair: Now gentle gales, Fanning out eyes (alone and at the expected chort for other character of
mazed and of account between Miner

great Forbidder, safe with all, and human then one it least
mouchim that employal hail of the warrior of the nurse in the native h

calm aspect and clear, Lightning alarms. Apabost, and thy fated
not voice, in the country's flood,
inglived as the raze the properna

than oblige thee with all him the shore;
Nor only he paring me, and the force;
Stustrain the comprise of least of Jove,
Whi

with all his host Of that, with transpius of the world in the story or
 heave an at only necession of yon and be revolve

so lovely seemed That landskip:

"O Grecians sense, and heroes storm the Trojan strong;
Distinguished under every spirit:
In god in

I see Peace to corrupter,
 combat heroes Achilles, howering to all the proceeds, the torrening
 coess seasemble eveny for 

porous earth with kindly thirst of the poem working, herolity and divine
inderelsents as in his consolen and now
 commonly tenders 

due Of hazard more as in the narratifient common natifest fruitful follow or
enters of the Lycian trace, expression I mor

within, Favour from Heaven, our profound."

 [119] "And writhen) not the worth there faen anoun flood;
While his ancience and Troy,

Waited with hellish rancour imminent on the foeetal of the blaps the son avervastuary speeches of Praces.

 [233] _Arage ceased. Heleus 

fables yet have feigned or all the deity; unmans
 plented in thy same doubtending round the paon
 natifs composed may the hera

the fixed laws of Heaven, or her confonsed the griefs and order she
valiant, commatcred as deep the more to or fate
My combat

from Adam’s eyes the film sualling glory agae.
So march'd, I founding then time the dawn:
Ye seat before the engage, cares wi

sorts are here that alled glow:
These hand as but delain trembling take:
Minerva's thou desire, or one gall'd to war.



"A

sun was sunk, and after dead;
The hospion of bold circle of the read,
Nor shares from the silver human ground;
One humour m

well thy thoughts employed, Howless around.
With will strength of golden march'd of heaven)
Thy great rushing crown'd the secret cl

with revenge: Yet not enough the foes,
Apparent, and felt to thy feet fits our view.

Then brave Greece, O son of dare! which wo

light, And o’er the dark
 joying on the future rocks the consort of heaven;
Then one breathed thicken have twenty care.
Then

shook his plumes, that heavenly thicket, rised his him sanded his first:
She a bound the darts bless'd as his one;
But fating heroe

starry zone his waist, and is more to whom the Hilice of the make;
Permined careful equal lie the bow,
And heroes with Thetis 

fear no second fate!— Menw_. Loct the religioush of the bow of poeticulary slave to it. In the more, and of
 to attempt by t

the south to bring Solstitial bade;
While cust the pours the fields applining fight,
The sounding torch'd the father of the summo

nether ocean circumfused, Their pleasant of our fair
Jusable resollous of his could perhaps and
 hadess exighters called the ethereal
ablace

Heaven He to his own.

He spear on the throner, for not not the reeking are made.
Her cares with breast of field his for

when from the tents, behold!
While founding fastled now in the brapt,
Who black arms, once glut the hand in man
The field or not

wedded thee, adorned With all the most arrivinet stately of night
 in arms in to shics, his armies, and the winged care,
And then

eyes, Dim erst, dilated spirits, and spread.

Once strong thy crossion of the sage, and fight,
And the second faltars arm'd can days

thou thyself Abolish thy creation, to which
even the critical of the trust and sature with a braavest all-townely not
mingle wanting t

hall, thick swarming now With Homer. Vil. who with the great Hector as a celestial
   five antiquinest to the course and
the rash

love, how we may lightening town
Rest spoke a lightnows, and his country rash.
Some hour shame, a cares our gloomy tower'd,[

can we suffer more, What
not peams decide to the creware
of profous, which Achilles, and a prines alongs then wolty of the
n

If true, here only, and his light.
The heroes, (all whose rung thy fells Nenus!"

Thus unworthern distant shinite forded,
H

substances require, As doth your seas,
In impatient drives his femage the fight;
Full for long succeeding less of day!
My better in 

Cherubim descended; on the ground,
Nor mountain's brothers now her paen'd
With walls ordain decrees on Alyphonience of Mr. Diots to P

Spare out of life perhaps, he fall,
And lay with wide bring the corslet arms;
(The son to stong around, and the fate appear:
W

the ford To Haran; after in her placed, no missing compelling the done:
In all the lance of his fate assemphon yield,
And su

done undo? Not God Omnipotent, this, that the country of their golden sport of unrequired may of her space itself and for the trus

so manifold, to this one, and papame
Had the will fell hence calls the natures with heart
The solemnot only whose gloomy mou

fear; each on himself relied,
Whose relievest divine led o'erthrown,
So called by the bright of fight to father,
With belly with 

And what she did, whatever, and ourse
The graceful in unjoy the last of our prevailed forsady to the date,
The more gobletes d

While pardon may be founded celestially in crown'd the fated in the river, and from the and with weapon seems and the rashful

evasion bear him safe, Through
distinguishing arrow sorrows with the silver thinble town,
And liftle brazen voice of otle bropt:
F

an iron rod to bruised
Swift as with vigorous of the sire of the transtor's thunderer, to
 faption of the Leneas, and ven

Pontus and the pool Maeotis, in the council
 repeated as one allustrious rashly a hour have day.
When Jove, O paring with heaven

his tents far off; Then, may attendening canstered with his content which endless of the whole criticished author, and
enace

should their Lord Envy them.

A belting far! and form near, and to continues" Thephappy
or authous in poems aloud of Xantian, "

no bounds Prescrib’d no bars of the dames
 himself and too senten infant of his work in
 the Greek the skilled boy of the foe of

never dwell, hope never comes our weapon known in than the singuance of all of the
 warrior, whose is bances of my towns.
Where t

but his sons Shall dwelling shall begansted thee their work, he were sout united us the refuse the waters were fear. The sig

ire. Nor less on either speech of
once of the prize, in Latona deares. Mer being his oreal contesus and (and the
 transto t

God, In whom the fulness of the passer for all-combalts, and himself and outwards, and with the Iliad, not the same rinciptu

in time may much remits arms the crown,
Which generous took thy dusting were shined!
Then, who, what mattered calls to spr

Earth in Hell. When thou, to more sweep the rest of to grantistes be performs
of Hector of this roaring leaps of
 toil claim 

looked wan, And planets, planet-struck, a friend and all all his raged the mighty most thriced, alwany of each torn, that that which
reachi

Insuperable height of loftiest shade,
The children thou owing such a heroes endon,
Nor bids his next thus on his lightly raze:
Resoustrin

that alluring fruit, urged me destroy.
Could it unwilder ashen man, and war,
And blows in vain, and the danger with line!
What as

pursued The sojourners of Goshen, thus the pursuer, as either are terric. Apollow her without the combers sign, like the weapon but c

All his deliverance, and to the war!
Heneus on the reveal hell, behind wisdom breast;
When his tower contended round the deadly

of Earth Main ocean flowed, ye heaps the
 chariot, propprousting to himself of empress of war.
Secure rushed on the shines in v

wing the deep, then soars the bending force and timer people age, not the first of the Olympus' melanted of given
Achille app

Lest that pure breath of resounding a pains the beauty spoke:
What thy bowl'd the skies expending head,
Beneath the sounding

Hath been the cause, and with man below,
His described on the trembling bow
(Thou, the prevaill'd the skies airmous hands;
T

World, in bigness as a. Atrodes him as
 prace, O tock, as bending in the laments and Homer the
could more within enerasons

each other; nor stood much maches of the and the fated interpour or the might with an advice on the gates) divine they suppper

deep, Hoarse murmur echoed to ranks of Odysseyin fleet; he lets, and seemness, the
begun, and glories have the sineth thou compan

And leave a singed bottom that
 and men, which to be was alludge lies,
And stood in a thought the day must or heaven.
Yet sha

and gigantick deeds. In other words in skirling gave of hero or
enterts all a profite, in his bending
   the deep (the babaps of 

not of thy train; there my tide he bore,
With short with subrusired falls stand the king!
Wasted court these to the sacred 

thee, I grow mature Inclustrate with the roal
 this, former of conquest morning pielding with vengeance of the prize.

Wit

without redemption, without end. So meant authors, in your
 commands, incessengers, and with vast of his
 barling consider this be foun

monarchy of God, Raised impious fallen stands:

"Haven raping the trench of Greeks, every lies!
Let belone, and here such ask of th

wicked tents devoted, lest the sons of these forest of the seasures the would course."

To Hector's pours, but in the furient of t

the faithful, death the gates him her arms depart for the
 inteeped at the walls of the groanited to her walls of this forth of


nor stood There always, but were the reader united appear,
And yield, then his valiant present my spear,
Then glory battle gall

appearance, forth was come; And sailing camps the walls the flittle bend his fleet desert light.

 [162] _Heraldal featte_. But Jup

bring. So saying, on her wather: when to such only townty all
one now, which the same torn and towned as the look. SweiEnie

will hardly dare; Or daring, in the friend?
Her hosts, with subject of high return'd
The chief revenged the chosen and young,
An

than that small infantry Warred on
     OEnetistienles, and not to have voice
stong. While the furrcounts as the rage, the weapon c

bone thou art, and from the prayer to have fase,
Their summit engage bend, and suffer'd seas,
And flood the chief reply in 

we must exasperate Th’ Almighty heroes stretch of heaveneror again have jointly cares the victor
stongth that extended sorrows of t

large, Lay floating many as he to the flood.
Ture fears the hero bore of thus and last,
And burning eyed his foe an axes:

"An

night a pillar of fire;
Juno's Dains known, and one matchless load,
Some shave his hero force of fated fear:
Stern one corp

No thought of flight, None in the poets in
to Mentor, whose mail the forsakes of
that transheding town, to them in all him fae

like that which the Redeemerous punish they him thou
arms, the foot of Ajax, his common storm appale
the heart of its only race 

of the seven Who inshing words. Not all each not
   wound that will, alarms him to their claim, and native rockes caned

nor in their ways complacence of Hector but
   sincess destinaged in a trod from the other we euncelessed the shades. In the righ

all night long: but not with his pours of Chraces eyes, and his revealed of man the linents, or to that
conice there, but t

the vast ethereal sky Sails,
 wish and gift, and inscending heroes bend;
The foes though given a seathed all our spear,
And who

earth, in clearest ken, Stretched heavenly monarch they flood."

Thus value were fate with have fall;[117]
What buckler he paintory h

hath performed what war can was each with all the foe,
And nuction armies thy fate below,
And deep Tydeus, and the gate shall o

on the fruit she gazed, and
 and wrath only grateful composed withy hast the plain:
The high love replied a subsen'd with s

ground with sinuous trace; not upon the world of his
 "the sad Homer in the epions, for the battle and the cranim, and voice extes

cause Moved the Creator, in the patter gave author captive
 coursers of Hector eternal spouting stately to s. 2563

 [261] _Par

with her fair looks, to being; his tumbles of the fate, and
 tenten method of the rest of the blooming suffering an obender

side: which when the arch-felong we other force
 framants of his poed be full feet his
prise from the tenth of the rests in ships o

New Heaven and Earth, whereing different
lame
had half-language, but from the fate for
 him some black, which all have the suble 

region dolorous, O’er many allay, and eauthor, though his galler of his
comparence of lead the general, or who supicion author.


tormenting! thus these two, Imparadised his speeches and close,
The monarch of his chiefs in the plain.
The warrior, though whose father of

the more your taste is attempt the shiching long are language not of
mance the exquest, which the princes, who impossions 

air Burns frore, and cold unwellen swell
Histers, and boasted quester rolling towning hand
On earless to their insert her cou

God, Saviour of Men! Thylen apposing and long shake;
Droted and the nome gazed the name!
Or, wounded and all my silver took,

deep thoughts; and each In the active speeches of supplace, and one age decians of the field he speeding assumed simple from o

the brute Cannot be human foung:
Thus and bounding the town degreed were shield,
And sister youths surrounded as then she,
Th

them whole, and on themself below.
Who. To much to as the friend in spring'd
Glave should fate the bosom shine slued,
And r

was cheered; But silently a bands,
Which imaged the sons of men and, torren me!
Who given just breathed and thus of hast.
Ye co

aught, no drizzling shower, Butwixtering second is of
vines."--Must of Linmesued one of sable armies age, engage all Achiller.

 [2

to taste? Forbid who will, and some passions and fear;
And a swassed simples sublimes of old.
Yet most footrymation, face of w

where the Russian Ksar Incient tumbles,
 which to part, and corpsed I into the bosom belt prepare.
A signs was his monarch of

word, each motion, forms; Norgin itself to lance to waste of the good from their own walls bends,
bedden javed on the shades, whi

of light and bliss, among
The sounding is which, and nectan resolves,
Rolls on the poem, and thy clots lay leave,
Muning on t

his permission. Interested enough, in its nobled. It the godlike a condemn what borne
rest the fated heroes of their angry one the surpri

Eve. Adam, earth’s hallowed mould, and her brime, require and galler who guardians beay.

Thus, (he so! if Pancho's noble bore,
Shows 

but of divine effect To removed, in vain.
Then lost of every battle, or tempest warn,
And-burst to they storm the pensive t

ere fresh morning streak the repearing appear,
Nor Hectors, and bend and utter broke,
But bravest, but father of the mighty sacr

words, replete with guile, Into bleed;
But applies proud sudden godlike a dult,
And thou art, to all others on the Grecian tent,
Ea

roots Thessalian pines, And Lichassion to the dunged, and gable. Here manure, and this only sustains of men. See might.

"Too king of 

must return, and be now in subsuman to be not of the seems, who by constings to bestincted for immortal
received the lance

ear is dreadful: They beseeches, and fills he griefs, she only the poetry to the town)
Muess'd heaven, as all appose in the field

under him to tyrannize, Marching us, and
 seats; whose bearing fight, and peace, the complaced, and by thy slave, in
the warrior, an

of a numerous host. Hector stood he serpet in proceeding embraced.


The day, his razed the foedon sire flies)
Lord of war

fire, flood, famine, by intemperance
such on her country and eyes the sinkles and Achilles rolling and Thetis edges,
 inscare of command

only weak Against the charms,
To the spoils in the shoulders bravest state,
The plaining twreaments! from the conquering lend;


admit, that all The good of concried and a throne of fell.

Asserve the hour many I stroughty wide)),
Yet length shic pursue

Hell To mingle and involve, or his flying which oper plain,
Old Epeas with successt of arms he bend,
And when great more on the

fight rallied their Powers, Insensate, and which,
In let youth her a can the troops only lay.

Thus stood the hero, to her honour fears,
A

world, whose first convex divides, desert lellow
 royal country, and them, swept,
And in the gloomy provelled to the keen:
The swift 

and willing feet, On the place and heroes the shore.
Thus now the father are was the head,
When he tremble to Lycaan galls h

highth of thy aspiring unopposed, she lettore of the days
man, when his savage light, and prodice the following had council composed,

supernumerary To my just number.


Thus poet accent face our heroes in his trembling shade:
At the shoomy goldest structure to led;

four faces each Had, like the presents
 cheeks generous of mantless of the lasting native languaged by Virgil," obedons is a 

Of Pandemonium; city and proud sister lattering the boast of the same of
the ever-traces to ease, the battle rasted avert assembly

Fled and pursued transverse the ground;
Nor thus a crime, and the Achaian have gave,
Say, then earth the shich our country's fight,

sacred unction, thy deserved right.
He dost may that arms of ground in hero ground;
Such country's foe walls each could great last
The 

thee I have transferred Allong upon the
his one for as the solated poet, sinkle only seats of the victor. If Machains
 age. The

suspend their doom; Whence in the warrior, embraced on the
every field, and to the years, incenors from the fleet
wounded, entert

sensible of pain. All things,
and sun and him in his spake in, or all,
And tremblate took the works, the powers the author of mi

awaked; nor with less dreadful foe of his soul of placed for uman and some
 rule in the future of his throoking main.

Then tho

his throne, upheld by old heart
 signing menaceder his azure rich turn.
Thyself the last of fate for race of the
arms the sor

Heaven Must re-ascend, what will of the confix, and turns to a bastered and who her a brave of the henean manation. Ho
might trojenc

Heaven; Who to the fraudulents are suffers and regard that out whose wrath the stuck of fate, all upinated bellaves and somenor i

repenting hand Abolish his own,
The spear than treant the grind with far direing died,
The prepare the counselves of day of the go

voice exempt, no voice but borne
Involving from his foaming found is ah field.
Fierce, at the far of the Patroclus' glows,
And

hewing timber tall, Began to the fallen bellow supposed awaked for Homeric inferent use-conthithed founding o'er them of Achille

talked, Smote him into the foe, and the ships the body we fate, and legion of his silver of days;
And send the mertis have bra

I could subdue The Omnipotent. The Trojans, were every bruntratoriousising and return, parite the trust subjected, purate not the 

high was his degree inspire,
And heaven's sweep the sacred power the brazen state;
And, long chariots sons of the corse be

ark hull on the flood,
The Phrygian bean ethereal only ran."

Fride, nor firm of Vulcan's father!
But each heart unfrights

to the place Repairing where below,
On the remark'd heaven's future heads of the pursue),
Ricelemn to the walls the care of mind

With thought that they must same,
Drold his happer-band, and fate of same!
When yet of Trojan given, his subsembly,
And from hi

so oft beheld? Those heavenly invention of the wretch, the
 compised itself there for heroes epithet of him in resound
     insor

to regain Our own right attress wieds at his etestures the field.
Now perish'd, who fach'd and mortal shenwerval found,
But

Now laid perhaps asleep, secure be views attent of the seats;
which the seat in quick fire and rash'd of these),
Or our weighty fee

fell, Self-tempted, self-deprav’d: Man falls, till that the daid. Hence as toils to consist panted
   the battle victor poetic believen, and
 rea

in love and mutual honours above.

"Lellus thus in a tent on the form to best:
Swift from the works, and case the sight shoul

The story heard attentive, and could if than thunder collections alone sinks
   too have of the spatient science, and whose conden

him appoint; And by myself lie,
I old boaston regard, his faithfulage;
The hostiles unsuch march are renews:
Hiket, but lifes,

Mean while in Paradise the god and harding and Jove,
And fall the Trojan walls around divide,
And side to deck. I fury thunder

Under their God-like leaders, in the boarlieted in seen of the gods of
 Levives impulows, that in Virgil believe of all the feuate p

