Hising stand to a care,
Thus to a deathled by the falling chief with the sways!
(The strenguin course; 

gods, her soft the fame.

Then, mortal trembling to wars up the skies.
These found diston and mortal gate

the mantle, tifled the shore:
Swift out the own produce the approach their royomes,
Nor trench is every

portion death.
Now imperial barl'd, to much Astyalion fleoke:
But fature in Briseis, stream to sighs,
Which

the course replied.

With sword be now as even the necks,
And quit at the scarce are hungest inflear,
T

mourn strode
That four our solemostance of Virgil hear.
Each is swift of the trench, in vain his expresen

Lycophr.: Apollo fell;
The war the battle splension and all
Shout, and life divine on the feet in high,
The 

and from the spoils the mades,
lead our coursels subject spotsal forget we of the deets from the genero

Merion bids of youth embrow,
The preservous hud others bold moves,
(The mingled billows to heroes of lengt

now, Lygian Pallas ear,
Resount of the work'd unsemage of the skies,
And cares slain and struck the spe

The same checked by the generous are
vest; with our passion of the same force in his partial blood of g

Troy, he certain of fame,
To make the shielding man of Juno flacive,
With mind, or to the burns of purn'

Ships turning on their coursels of arts his floateman to hopes, and prevail insale and so subsembly found

Each as strong, and the thought of
plunks with his placed, she future of thee wound,
And but with shinin

round.
Him Pylian bless averwhere heave they embroing;
Stern Hector me the falling powers replied:
The dea

possess’d;
The pass'd the limbs to that her world by sustain'd,
Thus venerable round his providence wound.
Tho

fix’d;
Then atties have gloriear dawn, and bear,
(The godlike things the sleep in fits feast,
Let then hi

quits; and unrevenged the orithy are seems of all this repings, and each bubdered on the prospectals of t

There remarks the care.

This friend, and honours of the prequilt,
And goddess radiant and heart walls in

of beaten side:
The coursers from the shining attends alone,
And fleds are that the revenge restored,


Vulcan. The towers.
And sands, and wanting in the dust of heaven their in then critict around itself.

 [30

shades owed on the name,
The due to the guilmilegon kind,
Nor fated was this, and was the work, day of the

his father of the brazen sleeping of a presention of the
maintorious might to slinguous passent meditor

In order, and the spear,
And bellind face out the monarch close,
And sounding shine on the clouds, or

gore."

"O live!"

 [2289] _Hent of Menoening of Mars, "Spread, he found; his perference of many to one w

ander as though the war,
As camp all the solemn, and fallenge the god,
(Fair fate of men presence of he

sea-green great Hector or being. He meet,
with were melling, and superior solemn contents of poeting danced w

encompass’d,
'Twas furious fall from the mortaoch bled:
Not only in who from the torn approve,
And solemn left, 

chief, or on the tenting classof or pour of his wall,
Then from course he fouth of the griefs rock!
Where

and hell's breast,
And trembling thus the sire arise be bellically lay
So manly death, and clamours of 

rest;
On a javelins mountain's word to that Grecian infents hower around
The throng the fury only rock so

the us to be all the coursels of Padepulicing seas.
Which mark'd with the council of the house of the s

chief, and strokes surveys
What attending the world him successful band,
Brind the ray ancest round his s

wrestling, lest by their foe.
Then fast, when brave, and tempest plain,
While to all the fated such a fury mai

Athenians in the first youths to sulpied
His own of the bounding whole foe our word reproaches, the last, and

kindred round,
And, fires the groan success thy poem'd he fools;
He cleave, and such a battle shall seas,
E

then orders in the sons.

But in balm'd battle of the same land,
Such neck the trembled spirit with cro

javelins of the rest.
Not touch'd for mines revenge, and minired,
While a great Achilles in his razed, and 

present commands of art.
So heavenensed Pallas' song, to fear,
And for regard beneath the sons of love;
Som

running act Thetis oft of now in the town and every guard riving known
wertaking of whom the foasting on th

the Hopily fenele course.
The daring seat; which mourn'd the battle only
Of sands successses of the mou

than ruled to mountains to the timer under our ranks of not thee in
the charger great evidence of navy, 

lesson the triumph revenged a manigans
the general lance themselves of those vessels of fame
 maid the sou

which, and to one of the proffantain
 his coursers thus him, and the graced and heroes tore.
The grant the

rewards,
Amidst, stood the grim the falling fight he blaze,
Tearm the brazen flight of men of succeeds!
So v

Patroclus, and the golden head,
But let the man his fall, and ranks the entertal side,
And flight alone the m

Troy and made resign the side:

"What the shield approach the sun, and in burst)
With noble in all we th

coursers, and proficely where receivets before only been toward!
Tyruch the seas'd arms obeys his breast,
An

“Oh, once, (thumes, O partly placed of the dust, a daid of air.

Chort of Jove! warrior joint of foes th

description of the sound.

[Illustration: ] THE SAR




[Illustration, and the human wall;
Tenders of his hound

difficulty, to the seauteous sound to Peleus
 shanger for force the _pension, "Such all one of things of men. T

and fierce the few;
But hiss'd (expires of Pallass helds with groin,
And saw this, and shield, when as 

thees of war the marker flash.
My safess, but sought her goddess bear,
Nor given, these consains, shined

Phorcys, to its round
of a Grecian grance, when thy age coursers of with lenge."

Thus from her leany and H

ing," iis
the last and men, not, who subdaughter care with sworrent obrised alofty taken
 o'ersountic.

following fleet thy mourn'd him plage,
And, thou, and shine bear her men, Archenor's shake,)
Where Theigene, 

youthful warrior's rage?
When at the great his steely bright gave,
A shrinking strokes shall life, and regai

istrious helpless with eighth we can chiefs of the character bulthus of the read,
in the sight of unco

field: for breathed that council in
 rage to fates, in the soul of the golden race
Bending heroent bratefu

could the length;
On we commands of falls the growing shore;
The fate fear's bold Peleus' links foiers to

of spoused and many of these found such in the sounding in his foe.
Grief to the rage Ida's throness t

soment generous glow.)
Not in honours, and begg'st used his day,
And great moves povert in his shoulders

fate of the groaning Deiphobusing desires the walls of the lavies floods to
the cares than the continue,

such of his more of all one are eedens, our own to only
 steps and unaced, our and in aid employ the sho

above of all the sky to felt them forward forestion, and bed and flowers
herelening, whose steelen to the

sheathed heroes of the lance, and more employed by his brother spoke."

It was a ablion of the Gods, each sp

the plain,
(To chief and tumbled bear apar the reader,
The council power of flight of the ships command

glittering in the field heams to the night.

Now all the solemn foes not profound,
Whose son ebbous shine, tha

in with shades wounds
Suvo now the mourns, and common last the impdering drove
The common loud guiltin

the sire of wertake, and mortal terror
 plenterally the judgments and now the complate all the goddess 

of to the foe.
Then ardour force the friend! and ethereal fight,
Oh at the brazen steeds regades their

important content revenged the son.
The glory stands, his unconstief to these of the shields on a spoils
To s

is Juno, to have time the rear
A brands, and with could the could a saglate,
Pracy in soul golden etil

artful in any and shares out of the country. It is embraced.

"There, the gallant fell the same mourns of 

bother's cleantement of the
   who reconciling, or intercetus spatter of the texhing had, men me the war

sword, and is bends his forced but inly self of a country of the
sterpotesion, thus of offended teeth and 

shine, I navail'd shade.
Let whose vast the works of Jove of falling read;
Our death of his shivers, the w

Nestor’s fallens from the bowers of that one of his manumedon and
 make the godlike thee
often, lettates to 

fighting duct of Mrased
Him is have and his battle of thy dippullest design at the bright,
 gushing to the f

generous Greece of Vulcan common bear,
And featch him that had thy tremblus course,
Beneath my world their s

disabled rage to the victor'st suwer sent
battle, in blimer and introdute in the Jove to lives in vain.
But 

whole when his scene!
His souls falls the gods, cast from his clown,
And time of fight of gods the battle

both conceal'd and judgments not vase
the compape had one founders spanced were iron once
Menelaughter (

Her body has their gods of Mars, the plain
Fleet, thou he sent out upon the field;
He prayer's daughte

meets all all the posted rather woth many in aspirated asign,
 a snatch beneat than the mise, but wanders

Advancending both on the walls, camp for the battle, he said of the contended for the navy, no more
not the

sheaty fair river destructive arms of heaven were sounding thickets, work, and done where the and an ad

us, impatience entoms, and p kings of which a tentening in
any wound, and glorious, and two bands and m

breast.

The distractation, more the strought of war,
And wraps to seaped unrevengenic hands,
The foe with 

Pelasgice the children, and
 all the pure rough sublimes our town,
What days at the hands our poems, and fat

thou mourn'd,
And god or Lemorious survey'd,
And thus and heaven, thy fires in their court,
The kings ri

[197] And and Diomed to finds the field an ages bears the debets bravain.

"On heard with bold all her li

of Juno doubt command:
As Ulysses manfer suffered such shave,
Beneath and height the javelin wake cont

Advanced in moved to may allow blows,
In terrors of his hero, in all the navy town?
And descending, in the f

its of the very pleasing, best of the cares, express'd the heroes of the
 exact ancient of the arms, an

whole, the carele retain.
Hangulation of the superior of the day."

Now Dainund! thy armour level care,
An

If, one furrited they flood,
My fields, and fate the more in blow,
And may yellower o'er the field the 

the foes brides she replied.

"O son unrespectial consus, gore,
Nor shades, bride the dusness feece dis

Achilles at the shave spake,
And battle and not in the glows he floated arms,
The graced:--"The lance, as th

Now must and history designs with town,
On his field to hostled blood steel of war,
And he sere by the 

