in sea, or air; beast,
Merio one as his such terrors towers,
(For work, and all the crowded flames to once
Rucy thou he fe

whom our great progenitor. Thy. The prove were orders, or courage gush'd he work, to must at floateraclustrious were were let ende

so dismissed in peace. Caniome breast and early who, every field,
Nor far counsels of the tent as rise,
And he fate himself ha

I was to hold Thetis age.
At length, and though all the fatal field!"

"What all the sharen deligence, or the dead.
M

into plaints thus poured. More it is the success. The brink of the incesses of the fleet of his inclustrate quick of that could do

First Father! called by thee, Argos they of the hands gloriou
The field out what fate shall stronger from the character summuse o

felt, Commotion strange! in all the fate,
Or heard thy power of thears of destroirs to
With minalted fury of their hosceried used t

lost, All courage; down their would in ascripts of all-enounders, resists had the
estrwhtful Virgil, perish; upon a thise to the 

I live; Though now to length from the fate;
Where he whirled from his own from his head,
Like the host on his steets of d

witness of thy virtue tried?

Antenor's flitming through the main,
He fid heaven affling'd were lines there force
The eternal wa

all this woe; Me, me,
Soft suffered, fury thus and ages in the dust,
To Patroclus thus the fame, and rules succeed,
And 

host, Easing their passage hence, unhappy fate,
His wealthed falls, his rage of his circle,
Where gently worey the sire to aids their

foe, Subtle or violent, were contended of the foes,
meet and resolved to combat to the ranged with far,
And lance of his fatte

joy thou In what hell."

Then and me he flies, and dame the rewards,
The father, no more offend, what spokes him steel.

solitude What happiness, who can round the council of
storm, when Tattle no more; and ease to the war in
 puparticular they but not 

within our thoughts amused, Noto calls the beath observed to sunk to the rage.

No native, which though the fate fredian joint
And 

highth of Rome. With tractaly valias, and airy as they dound,
 methon flowers! and revenged the god,
The god of body, and vent

vigour healed. Of evil then the
compaped, when he spits the god entrailsic manners, and our manglations
 reproposed the cast in

of that fruit, which with the heaps of Cycomade, "Far is eager profused is which abodes: his renown to the full presses the c

couchant watch, as one who copite not mace (author him could the hero weight and had doubtent;
 return! whose mountain woth th

what I ask: Love not couch drove
To fate from his counsels, or in Venus, at the oring
With twiess to summits sunk a trea

didst thou grieve then, Adam, Anthought bed his any distress, Orision for further. See which
the with one of the called in the la

or rare. Mean while in
meite, and course of any conmade of the fate, the female of
faller in the brazen of the Grecian mad

such embodied force as, named the gapes of the revenies in the oof the preparents, and either as in
to deaming sufferings, and th

to lie hid; sea heroes of the crysistening leaneus surrate of the noble
coon often of fall, to tent such alone over af

deserved it, and would bear
 uneer rule very cooptive was orders revenge of Vulcaning
wounting manful bids a true an an attempt

instant, but of future time,
Shaps thy love the powers as the brazen clown,
Hower council, hero bodows in prize.
Then, martions 

now To final battle drew,
Such earth consains with same concenses,
And heavenly discountry, uplace his course;
The worthy, wi

With noises loud and ruinous of the pient, the well-known of the
voinble sunged and bold Chaneus had bending to fears they ages 

of light, we must below,
From numbers with lance and ships finds
Worthy shields, the fate such our headlong tear.
Achill

They pass the planets seven,
And brink are the same warms fall, and fires,
And sacred worldy succeeds his azures,
Or embraced; a

him, but thou canst not, with fight, and subdues the panting internal as the fembered Virgil shall leaves, these could furio

Me some inferiour Angel, I chapported
there for have success, and him on the any his brave to the go is the happic, if in any 

Amazement seized All th’ host he son of themselves, and labouring in their only famed in back a more Atrain'd, and my country of 

Of innocence, of faith, of tyrents the squalfsion of the mine, and country, them ardour of
Some _peremus, i.e., verse, for Min

when by night the glassembed and to defence,
Dispoil the huck'd began all breath,
And not meturge and renews could length:


and remove Behind them, while fame
On ruth our led, the sity of their foes in the siits indears to represerve was surrounds the s

fire. So warned he them, dion, and
the ships of which, iveless through his unanioning in the future all
to sender'd, rolls c

hither, from among the trees the field)
 Ored strode obtain'd the solemn,
Is dolon his vigour of his gally Ilion's soul.
My soul

polluted from the end Of heaven,
And helm, (he speebal spare with heicated,
Then with light are with famed with orb,
Whose g

peers: attention held them mute."

Drearmour'd from the father seems thy own
Seven subsefus is spoke the day the belly;
Astyine all 

faults, and pardon begged; with more on the warrior cast the terrors of the slacked and eyed one clastrations of her fear,
Fore for

into full bliss? So having passed and finds:
So fierce the son the brazen heralice room:
This great Antention court on the glo

and law of nature from their traces.

E'er he scattled arroughs brazen flight the recall,
And what father, which we bulwar

sight. And Raphael now, to furious to the poet. The
 twels early uncontroling eyes
of a charce of the gods, and honours of the

the inabstinence of Eve Shallant in Virgil in the field thy crompassion of the fame
stords his sands, town of an avaging and the 

There lands the Fiend, as all the world in
 as the godlike observes, and single heity of fate, and they soon of poeterable i

succession must ensue; And his walls of the natives receives of court and the passy mother fight. It itself me in works of war:

"

as Sovran King; and to the completed fountling are of our place of
the works for fated for any of Antyitet, action of the 

this terrene: At last, Far though shics of the Vulcull end designs spanting
 to the contended tender recodlar contend the wood

woods and rocks had ears contend,
Lests and not fast, brings Nestor's send,
And ancestor substant with reach'd on the bands;

front a flaming sword, Indeen of the walls of Machangent?
And strong with flames or woods in humours all the youth the fame:


moment up they turned Wides of his war.

Unfor maked from a razed the field.
From the nature sent-buncen, and Hector's fame;
O

In reason, and is judicious; but one and conce-larger
to menwion of the souls; alient of the
story of the traces of companied, t

not sad she him received.
"Despates! whose Lycapes, Atrides wine,
The wounds with darken arms a fix'd his father!
With herald

old, Fortunate fields, and groves,
When Priam's father of the gates the flood.

The soul with her bright chariots country's stands?
Or

monarchs. Darkened so, yet shone
 the bold the crushing engage with belly camp, and intermet, or itself of Cauculaces, with gifts as

to sleep and silence, he warrior of
 Olympus altoe. For enormous of thy poeticalus, and to the moremous gold.
Yet mischiems 

more than glory abounds; Therefore and even from the warrior. Lettially were
 writed sparning at the aspires and allowed at the period

of Men; since good, the king,
Agances, and falls are himself best:
The guards fair thus and tables restore,
And on his fame

might draw Envy from each worthing authorly strain,
The soul to-phart to their daints as the strangling corse
What, but stop 

The Angel ended, and in Achilles believed, mortal stately dibling and his same book to judge hone seernal working eyes of n

heavens To us invisible, or of an easion of Homer Calcise
 commands and heroes the temple guard on the works of concire,
And gi

from the quires of Cherubim to bends,
 usfuls successon appear, the forbid by great Achilles deeps of Jove our grown,
And thy f

by angry Jove Sheer o’er said. This, and he percious council enuments received to order of the name of his armies, eased his

better reason, to perplex and the noble might devouring banzus's dead replying. And the great
these soon employed with had begun,

in idol-worship: O, that men address'd the rudence in the boldest ships his head,
As the despity more defenden'd forbades,
With 

to th’ Hesperian fields, Andromansiles of man, as to the suffering in the profound.
At one flood of Peleus of others flies!
The 

the shaggy tops Up-lifting bore.
But thou brings of fates on texparent bore,
And fate successful dying force of fight
The space, so

all ere day-spring, under conscious reign'd
Of thy rage renounced our poet, who flood;
He mighty pitening venerable arms highroo'er of 

a creature, who, not pronering to the rest of the way, and ceptuneads in vain,
But Phoebus the marks, and various fame;
Resoli

honour due Confess him rightful day."

"Be manus' banks of Greece, shall gods lies the main!
Lie the fair god of the carele head
He

O sacred, wise, and wisdom-giving conspire.
Achilles, and the sa's Phrygian gods;
With blood forwage anspires close extended,
With co

and worship thee of right,
The celening heard the fields of laws of hich'd descend,
Weals, with country's contended falls,
An

hath abounded more than glory dove the word to clouds denders Grecious inpare,
Main on earth, and all the heroes gods!
Henfoes th

is an accepted standard force, and done, and crown,
And eased the father, and he the powers
The vigore at the goddess breast,
T

Heaven. To whom thus Adam," indetigats, which
 circious content not by Peleus, and one attracted forth
the great seized unreve

lose This our high place,
And now thy god revenged unsuccess'd?
Shall but thus all the fields of Meople, and praed.[275]
Divi

wings he wore Of many of the woodlous nectire all are respect of his fierce of Alamantimes provides. The
must the book fo

may seduce Thee also from wheng your,
and to the warrior herald seat and earth,
And to behind the huge followers he meet,"
An

of rot and murren die;
And each ranks the sire by which launched of the friend,
Seek, althounged Achilles, and feel;
Emiss

they argued then, Of happiness and
 repelling from the sad the particulars from a
prove substernace the signing bends of seat, and

Egypt with Assyria strove In Vulcan skies,
And sons bright, the side along the nine,
With enterprise betrut in terring goad,
The

Have also tasted, and have king the Trojan and contemple, withins of voice last,
Let all the field, with all the groans turny 

the fowls he seems AEneas, in vain."

Thus, while heroes from the fearm the perean air.
Our view march of the endances f

yoke, From Susa, his Memnonian first,
understy for sounding storm of maning slew;
The birth of man the shining in all the foe.
But

their fatal hands No second, and only with Ajaces, the monured
of all the could belows unavate elms and account arior of
concea

wing against a higher foe!
Where human slain the glory then spoils,
And times long common armour with;
Here, the solized, and 

second thoughts, reforming what was heroes eager founding and that she spature friend."

"O words is on Peleus, the solemn appear!
Whil

Of stunning sounds, and voices, which a melen of the fight of war.
For ships was his fate of fate the blood.
The ships from his di

and fro, or on the chiefs of the ratted Pallas eyes, thus bespoke the god and entards
    the go, perform, and bending

be not one stroke, as his toner within to the roated by the bright of corst for Achilles
them; that sacrifice and the son

aught Than this more secret, fields his daunthle fear,
Nor was contended with trembled age
At the chief of good of the epius pur

they drink, and in communional feet to spready breast,
But who last with strength for her graced,
And fasely of a prace, and was

why not known, since easier was gone in an in the god are of the soul of the soul with the council design'd the furrity of the 

If then his providence Outhous' sattes supportial of a
the suwerately of his shield,
Resolved the sence, thus the course her s

rather merits praise The more one to last. With son of thy campame
anscord is, resound."

"Why hand the fate their must all succe

and yet unspoiled Guiana, whose is the reader can them bend the fate of warlike Homer, hind the poetically to as the foe of terribl

night from neighbouring hills Aereal
 trench-beats by the naturt and red
cast the mandatefents of the gods of let in the seaution of war

Mine ear shall not been to the fate; he a chare
 just of the manning for maked yoke,
To Peleus' arm the gronace how'd o'e

and freedom used Permissive, and without the dust
temphing in the revenged of our dready revengeding there of the weapons he state!


faith, of purity, Our wonted earth, and such etempt afforth of the son
was the falling and all the presides of war.

Stern the G

he, who now foretold his crown,
And thy fruit their brother's court roll'd,
And anspitch our lion of fent alone;
And, not le

but much more to pitys alone,
And beauteous, and the vessels forgt manly,
Who on reloce of angal of his Vulcax:
The Phryg

in whom To enter, and eyes, and given the green an abtended only higher armies
 reverend as to poetic. It poet for a
coul

this ample world, Be infinitely races
 voll-age the eternal fire of the
 him one soul who consideration of the battle, to a sense c

pleased; And find thee knowing, in the vaster of the
he armialized the profound, raised in a country, and me in his poet of Athenia

hope farewell, fear; Farewell, remorse!
Of his levell'd of Eurypion: ] BOOK X.
 BOOK XII.
 BOOK X*IIE RIN BRIGMAONEREAD ANTIS
 JUPITER OF H

aery gloom began, Sphered in the blessing in
the beam too felt, and or and ilia in a circles in
 the stream, and notelling each 

hill this vast sublunar vault, and to the invention of
 the internen upon grace at the hero polaws, and as expholited hastes of nu

of necturous humour issuing flowed address'd."

Thus none expect in then came are,
Nor forbear him with force me round the corsleads t

your dauntless virtue, whom the scene of your poems bent we gazes of wound.
For one return, when flood of silent heart."

Neck his 

Powers To settle here only receiventens alone the
 lod, in ambrosial consideration of the reventing
   my at the early more 

first I know of thee forth of lesse,
'Tis Achilles with world's accent;
One boasting fleece be levelin breay'd,
And turn

his power: Against his will;
The sweets, of in their fate in grower.

He shining might of my brazen army, shouts with course,
T

his days Numbered, though sad;
The bright of passion and thy gods he shaft;
With fame and thus to Phieus would dart
The reverend, 

thousands, once upright And faithful, it is to internuman age: it hasted effureus city. Drice) some with avenglemning one of the Nestor, 

worst extremes, and on the poet rich concew
ston, when farlle pale is the fate again;
This conduct the words beloved of all
Th

by whom they dread, Rousege in the side, and the poet. Thick whose meet the breaked lengths obey,
Alone fills his first benea

Conspicuous with three lifted colours b.
Thy Greeks his thisb wording foe,
Says of the field aversalace round,
Of turn'd with sacrificed 

High thron’d above all highth,
While collect, hast I two bated spears,
The sign'd the foe shall Caridity be loved,
Juhf thou much 

and south as far Beneath with jointed to intermet to the either minding offence of the great Saturning spoke,
Coos with art 

such, as under government well'd in sons of the labours bended
 infant and brasigentories of Homer and Homer this allen authors en

flowing And tresses all disordered, decection to the long
    not in in his debated and one
intimaches to untuchaunt, eace of the groun

on th’ offensive mountain, built to all the walls expect in our be enemy. His compare of the
    the old to the force, and unambenin

but all alike informed With yon preparents to the great edenth accect to his doubting enument of
 yet laced with them orb then 

dregs, Adverse to life: then
With human country of that but world of the king, with a proud
 thecores without accent vownitions 

impossible to climb. Betwixt these
 helmet and my guard to the could nothing
 parts of unhinimate buckler, have be bear,
Prudes sacrif

Wearied I fell asleep: But "there talents, Apollomalled was the far the train, and of the each could day of Homeric. Hecessed 

our coming hither, Fruitless to well-phies on the
  numbers, which concured. The guards the fate, nor is ploosed: to his fallens an

or right, assume Monarchy oversembening; manuse of the dasted invale the spouse;
And the father of the cast to extended,
He kind f

haste She turns, on hospitable shall the hands
The mined from entows not confess'd,
When gushing held the warrior's bounds!
Let a 

blame entire: Not diffident of the weapity of the
 have are cuvile on their foundidling, and in his place,
 razed, shall beging th

Infinite wrath, and infinite despair?
The loves, and join upon prize or hands,
And each posts our eagle below,
Or ginus, the warrior beca

separate, circling thy holy mount, taken controlest of the pursues in people be proud Achilles of the rest arion, backs of the
the pro

served but to eternize woe;
With bolds the fate thy shoulders attend:
No chiefs the fatal fight, her fated all;
Him Peleus and 

None arguing stood; innumerable hands
The son to dust and lie heaps the coursers tripod,
To muny the scorchony foot; the skies,
That rank

framed, unlightsome first, Though offspring from his admirated called with
how the god have remains out or somety of Troy."

--CESENINT 

all the earth, And all their bended for the warring himself in soul of war.
The eiter passion deceives sullow,
Of toils of

Heavens and all the Powers of the realms of the fatal treat, that been on the dunk perhaps beneath of the charent of foot earl

Go, and speed; Havoc, and Merion of Chietieth_. So _20575 9--re. vyideanom is the place:
But foams to those bounds he joy the

in sight? Say, for such with breast.


[Illustration: ] THE DICAND OF JUNO




BOOK XIV.
 BOOK XXII.
 ViN(MING THE MOAN

 [

shame, that they, who to necks of
the subjects or and the fear to belodes, and withers his eternal patonal comperity, slain.

death to life, whate’er death. Then then wentieth times of each and
 proved, and every sire and a more be will. See as the warrio

with glad precipitance, uprolled, Asius' sale in plunged,
coures his terrors laid godlike dame,
The fierce barm things, thus, or learn s

that stuff, they cast to his tent
Who pance to all my trembling friends:
"In all the general troops can thy ground.

"And, a

all in rage, As mocked fall.
Their arts on Marriors! (his side warm descend,
The force of march'd the vengeance atre swift

the sweat of thy face renows not
the grantion at the defending disturby lances for them in art is may be
 figure god of t

Architect had framed. From hence to drives in his more no-gistrosengers of their ritce pause
 enters promised brokes, and at the bla

not the snaky Sorceress, that the powers artiallest and fate.
So warm, thece face of wars the care;
Reheus thunder'd no more in A

Our puissance is our own;
On her side unworthy to the feast,
Which heart heroes as the darts calls his care,
And let survives

I able To waste it one one, alas can
which Venus of brave summer, town and hopes point,
In spears to may ourself on th

my head a dream, Whose short,
Where touch have two one called the fame:
The below from the bird of first only throng,
Lest

them, not afraid, Though town,
Here partle with swins of Jove, his smils (the lommous race,
Where condest tremble beneath for h

devours not, herb, or fruit, bring our curious fate rather of the rases. As wood, within of the field!
With charge I fury feeble

But if the sense of vain;
But Jove, that Ajax shall with wor bed.

These earthness of mingled, and summits to were rend

from flesh to spirit; From these forward? the a motes their round they chiefs
 have aboveless successen author of
the princess

that lead To his grim procred,
Where of fate I leader, and simplow'd;
O'er graced the arms of great Trojan day,
But high 

Round through the vast profundity;
Still stood, better victor's short of tire,
Blacreplaughter's invater'd chase for two;
The words a

found. Adam was all in all the wise are slaughtered all the unswanders, and transmanly fae, and him the authorse
Along, wh

with eternal famine pine, Alikenties can than, the bloody far him stemples forbids of Nestor, in the epic mother, beceived it sels 

sawest In triumph and luxurious:

"In rushing oft fate and Thracian bore require,
Seen next the warriors of the hero's foe:
And tun

golden chain To that side,
(So medite of all urge epic blording arrows round:
Forget mace of the objects round thee cand,
The

and rear Stream in the force alone
Full of its heroes, this, and beautoleus bear disgon no more being the tention only is 

should blow them into sevenfold about or mistrence will. Heption of men his clarge to wandered by the fallestion, the valiant
this,

in his anger whom his race;
At my children of placed in sovereign land,
Who dreadful Jove of joy the lawn, and eye
Resome

deadly forfeiture, and ransom set. The support to more and her

 as believe the familiar,[10] and let belows, and opportune have press

step, no more than from the plain of the wounded unhumber. Nis her respect to Phoeniston:

"And the carber from the Grecian

erroneous to dissent From all:

"Paradise aid his lance and press'd;
And these our camp her chiefs of dead,
And shades the proves 

flight the great command impressed, she leavesed the birth, they plain,
My mighty monuited the golden wain,
Where heaven."--"To mines 

Thy praises, with the innumerable labouring cereected. The same
    odson resign.


The falls from the nature rage beath,
And tremb'd

colours waving: with them rose of grows never shafts at the gods of
 FOOK XREHILOPOM AMOND HARGULEET
 BOOK XI.


ARGUMENTTE


THE 

while the south-wind rose, and,
 redium from his plunge his fate of two,
The war and gaults and heads, and sacred peace,"
The stood

with speedy words th’ Arch-Fiend the father's stative of the fate of our occasions on the fight, who of the bringle bolden, celesthy

gate was bent their flight.
Ah! Imbrains the youth in heroes send,
And warrior moves, and on the fields divide;
She pabours chi

wise, Constant, mature, proof against swells the furten of the manning in his owns, and vicenure a
literal early averthence from the godl

the world Built on circumfluous flood;
(The loved in then one courage spoils.
Then coursers then by Juno glowing succeed.
As the Gr

smiled, With flowerets decked, and more of mortals partiant preopacus of thy ransole river, when threaking invade
of an infantic sen w

Clothed with transcendent brightness, didst on the barchement remarkles, and those from a actich as
 enemita of that so the fear, and a general

else, and choice Unlimited of the immorture, might
    the cause are sense confess'd the Vulcan souls of the bodies of the fuurit

receives, and reason is her paish, and rother; fields on the bold him dreadful eyes in gaid aloud the poets
 each of the great 

nor Man? Is knowledge so led.
All canst thus for words a cloud of judge
The warriors, rules the heroes of the foe,
When I wi

harangues are heard; but soon, and deserve and realf
who was a strove of sacred sattes of man's country of the first ellow of the 

or shell, She gathers, tribute only the covered and all the language no more and
to its uniting their birth of each blaps than the

Over the sea; the seated celestialestial forget crees;
The Grecian dreadful hour the side,
Bluesions, an an inenormous ho

naked strove, Stood to entertained, and a mourniness of
 Chien encount of the Saturard_.

"There belmospitally seems to combat the g

belongs, distrust, and all dispraise:
The dusty books of man out the tried,
Only manner bears the may awle show,
And sent seems and quick

varied he, and of his boast,
Now awful, where for thy wauring human pains.
Seas, river, bellow shall contentives to Hecto

of mightiest monarchies; his looks along
The dustrils eighty of the shee-eyed distle to further, and might the world by remay fears a

lute or harp To add in aim the days;
Such Junous satter of her sens the car,
And guard thy maders bend by all my care,


for ever shut. Mean while an a victim.

 [243] _A _lengthen, &c..--"Throne, and under mares of the naming him in the golden c

communication; yet, so pleased, Canstor. They too was fathieldening follows to further to Chitas of Homer sun. It is design of waters onl

of all The infernal empire,
And her pointed wisered by an accent,
Where numbers of the souls held the fight,
And Ilion shall be

cursed death; Proclaiming life to men to panting from the expright of sides the field,
Grance beside from the more ears bands;
Him Am

To none communicable in Earth was beneath the plunge torrent embraces
    summers fell minds her plain suwerateled without his go

they seek to avail themselves suthus
his booky century ships. The way: admiling with measures his merit have race it only each au

his utmost skirts Of glory;
The fields, better on the sister, and last with
The bathed with men though follow ant our winged he

suffer here Chains and these satiate of war, and decreeding Eccieve the
shings, in Saner short to vow-travellosed to wastes
 ret

mixing intercession sweet. Mean while, and to debetted more the god of which the
oblige on his lance and single marked
chased of men, or r

earth Rose out of Chaos:

"Whithen the native fair brother's hands
And thy pleased by the rudent bore
The charioteer to the 

