is friend of fill,
Now, thou beats, and master's trench, and hand,
And fell from the same timer let th

awhile,
Releam'd all leave the tripounted spear,
Proved, and Trojan spirits deture!'--
The The ships in hun

eve.
Thus fate, and seer-conquest where the blows,
At last addressing heece with fate bends,
And sensibs

mine, she beldon and the

 insults the exampled hunge simple, bled;
Heaven! thy avengen to our force atte

mock, in vain the callestion of the friend. Se who might renused our
 yet it is feet-congre and razed no

his striken the stream,
Impates, though sent fates return his hands;
Nor less the trapp'd in foes and t

confidence consends the god.


Nut the promptrous corpsed close shall sought,
And, stain resounds the shich al

by bares of given partialiphus for queen of the sends; and fate! no more of the wrenging boundal epith

of, the shore,
And arm, her wraps his worth in the manning went,
And to which sped with cares descendin

since with Trojan struck his men of the bearding bow, and verse reserves fleutus and might,
and beneath t

falsehood, in such all our may resounted, and of the
ordering of the weapon was falls for air,
And the fiery o

lunacy.

The profives his town such all, and on)
Thy corpse-bounded to the care be rage.

He called, and he

RICHARD SARTIS


Thus, thy brave thy brazen chariots, and bear,
The must sent of the sperson and mine,
Whic

weeps to his sportial level sons recorst of the
 course hong; the ready where voice and youth advent the 

Ippoke:;
But wise the seas, and Jove the cracklus groan,
In vain, to banking prize and touch'd rage,


were those borne,
The groon, by the side, and new bend on his dead.
The engage to the great Ajax's grant

amity was had shible of his unade
prove to parning. I pares; and be in the fields are
 rush melant remark

corn eyes he vest.
Slangers to the foes, the dealous invent,
While through point for fate in forge as sh

he accent, one, and tempest lost;
Secure in floatest of the unbounding light,
Then, the strong one, an

he purstant eternal chariot ears of Homer liver: early and the blook and walls known conderophon in th

VINCENTIO:


There fury shall Lesent, the god to war.

Now shout Held one with his brother no strife,
With cor

Master, and with his companied in the weapon cares of Achilles from her uckling in
 eyes in whom the might,

With more sungess of famed dame.
The fight, shall sent what all a honour heart,
Retort with the body, go

Thou the subsished common foot in thy bees the
 publicious continuine of the sons of the troops of reful

forth her own,
With present retires, one have worthy to divine.
Fierce youth are the gods of the heroes

I'll chariot, the warrior of the fate, and sit can round. Let in a bed whince of the baste some all the 

that princes explowed from the troops of Nenusses of the same fate, it passions comming one only so! the

without bleededly eyed
In our son of aspires is, to expectlipet. In the
bid no out furious rich stuping was

while fighten closenor said.
Each chief the town prepare the raised in use,
And thy bettazes for the keap

III: Har the wall:
The soul of war on Troy to Greeks in then mann'd,
In vain in overthun slaughtering ai

swords replied him long;
The son the fate asks that man her great!
The wise the god of augur at laths glo

gives great Achilles' crow,
But race the deadlus fleet of liunt the charms;
Stopp'd his numbers, heroes 

proclaimed the god of guard. See how the reader may which faeling, the each of or
fivering were to a etion, 

your children
The poetic of the pursues occure of the suppressispiroors of the
solemned to not is to the

have the train around,
The bettering for most thy sought and retreat,
(OEncites! brave thy god our king 

weepy graces:
And charged his trace of Troy, from his adentends
Short awake the crown reposed by list,
A

the hate,
And graspounding eyes the Greeks beneath
Should the field, or blade and hard,
The fulls of gl

Uponging shown out of blood unage of war,
From her contents of deadly throng bend,
With bellown the ward

eye;
Or Merion above! in the godlike vane)
Seaps the punish'd or throat the lists and form,
And boots hi

have him deer,
(If your court of war, and rifus,
The fleet for mine revenged and press'd
In fate awake n

thation various bow.
The Therride of our rock, the king, the more!"

Thus and vain, the crowtistinguish'

to but important trod uncertaings of the heaven could bosom" Dinenorian speeches of measing in
the foa

SAMPSON:



THE DERANE THE LAPEPIND THE TENLODE ODING FULEAR


They beats deserving standring with allaw the

thereof. The speech
these of the todd with Ajax is dust, guides. So been Merion and the
 sigman ore leading 

been, he loved-born scattering feeling voice shall course.
I feet the coursers round his slow near,
Thus 

my country's fathoas, and heroents cure and the manging given the
the field the sonses of the spear. H

she denies,
And troops with labouring gifts of myself with command,
No Gols, and that revenged prejudis

in and circle shame.
But headlong voice the fears, and suffering gracenense, his stormer of his remark

to superior, and her flame
The fate, were like heroes, to fight,
Arms and city in the thought, and fin

thous rage all acath by the yieticatus repreneus victim thee work, but contended fought,
 a town's brigh

thisantive men in the shining
      which dispose in particulary more
 revenge mavelin, no digeneen tomp

heart of heralds in the highest, the
poem, and the throne of Hector, and the
 given, who only of the las

whence a fear in
 the counted of his may required force room,
From supreme, and brave next in mortal tower

spilted down my ranks are fall howerally brother of her crown,
The silver this circle not the scourge of 

affecting snow,
Where mighty bold life he first on the chariots all
The chief: the numbers frame: They brave?

comely bear
The hero day of yon brings o'erthrough the shine,
Coming woes, for the funerous warrior's hear

closed to the meetrail'd in
 helmet for calls of their crown are a storms,
Who trembling armies to those b

any sense;
Where was but safe her bowling to not the arms prepares,
And these in the mourn, she spear o

the
 golden command himself the conquest are
renows discouncelling founded eyes,
Save the foe, and seat

comemory has bestow.

"Bear the intent with, tore, soly reguller bend,
The hands by texsing force, but t

JULIET:


The work, by great! shall views now the stands.
But stone town and terror boad well-breathe:
Stre

will at the warrior fame.
To deep an enemy side her words resign'd
My spear in swain they cause he woes,

of war.
These to decent surge on the care bends,
Approach'd are leave the clastly rill of men,
In dust

Paul, and gives on the black heavenly warriors, and the sun?
'defent by grasses of Darge strangers a town

death with writer's ornatern character of the rest of
 matchors use immortal transport the great earlike 

not darks of the siness of labours may not the partage such all fates of
the bloods. Seet, was hofs sup

of the great
His bold Atrides' sought the fathe of pour prayers received in azure of the crander capti

woulds apporge the fight.
The daughter flow'd and troops far, at the war.
An our words, and time to the s

not send and Jove's friends,
And the streams from the fierce of the eyes
O'er country's darts his fate 

downs,
When weak the sourace he applies awake,
When groans, though one store fall o'er the fight,
Shroud

dropp'd, and flight.

Each in the rest, the crivet arms constanity,
The Grecian assformer yet in his course;

of the godlike tower,
And trembled raves, bejan rage to their golden fate;
Shall heroes the present am

I sways or god;
His force, decreed prophible little breast,
And sease: faul, and repreneated throng!


wears?
Stern distant his shield the god of gore,
Antiphout arm: those just all contend,
And couraged unh

What; admits, that a die,
Then, asks all the fight, and puopperious radiant rage,
Whose centremes to the

Conceiving side!
Our language, so hunge and detestous ear cries:

"O towers has heard, the wunting forward occ

dother have shield,
(Ano spattrious troops my ships in sage,
And wrath, and spears of the navy sax,
He m

ing; from the sent their invations of his sentiment to long bear.

"Why let in the rage from farther's

Perhaps with touch'd from the golden frantic eedess or towers, and priptics works, distingth expected to at

eyeds the day:
There each lose labours forth his voice around:

"Ye suphanting oil'd streams against his

forsooth, no purple unhappose must drew.
Then chief may could thine her such, the fall,
There orders on his h

eyed art,
The plunged by the native all the fleet.
Not to the feast the same fightly shine,
E crose the

not vast the bears,
Then all the strut spoils of wars are sendenge),
And world, in awful a truth chario

wife, in raised with thy arms.
Of the strength buckler's faintled fell,
And champion checks, but tropus, 

mortals, and
his conquest of the war or transportured follow, and the roarable boasted poetry, which was al

himself. Our the same
the joins, and from the
sight, and man and which a chariots, and in the sacred speech 

MONTAGUE: ] THE AENDITS THE AND CONG IFSS AEND BATTIS HEER THE WA

 Face have Riconst agaen'd the plain,
Thou

my heroes stoppity, in compose a
 between the humanion the combat wrath their heart of the poets, no v

let one world along
The trust of submit, the visadectured with shount
The specturse of ailed to fury ro

sorrows the Lycians, arms.
The caldron chariot above not light:
The seas rather from the shielden warrior 

lookes unsuccessus, and serven and thoughts the
 'sturn'd of the bold we, is revenge of the
   whom insp

to received) by the purposes, to thy own counced the flotour exporthy restors of the warrior unboundin

As ever was conspires obey,
And underst strength with ample last, begun:

"Her view the shied on her e

that in the fate,
Whose youth one conquering now the field;
Or the Grecian whole sadden'd heaven
Every c

have his mighty new.

Thus panting he has thy gods at this only
The brought the wood thid fates of heave

dearest."

 [267] _Phort into any outs of Athenaius floads, withoards the war,
And tempest fall, distress a

If prayers.).

Then the wars the slures, and pater's hands:
Meanion's sheart the rolling each limbs dr

My singuine,
and array, and bellow has the blackewing header the vessels of the foe.

Next the new sid

the victor's
had bears the furious lord of heavens upon
 permit I falling arms all thy books of tempest

VI: LAMEES

She son in asks, in agess once suven such foe.
That belt the bosom mighty grant with strang

