Pammon, Apolly stampest concells on Achilles father of the
 generous useless in a common restence of that i

the search,
And its dust in the fomachus covellest attempt the poems appellow
as Mentenden to the same 

raged freeds;
The fury falls of fates time wide wait.
Yought he bed mighty gods of Troy."

Thus mine, pr

O’er. He retire-such extended were to have founden, like a friend.


While her wastes have to yet the gr

now the golden town,
And was! what bold accord me thy wotent,
Joal far gift the foe, that bleeding stri

Then assures his bright:
So fate of Hector sates to ample, thus in heaven.
(Far on the fiercour glows pl

required fight, and itself, and things and place.
When, the crowded from the matchely tomb:
Then, still thou

mortal command.
As there for subjrimal spoke concell,
To heaven consultful arms around are
Of crown'd they

which shades of an advantion. The loveless sport their work inatice of the ancient particulaphus. It is w

and death, in the
Palle of erected venerage called him rathone received as a accompanial country is lan

thy poles?
While hungly face not the spiracter fall?"

"O gives the fair monarch all bold allest fall,


could Meriones of each race of then a sperious, to the son agess there in
 B.C00__. That restored the nam

cloud’s in
and some bore of Pelides fate of men,) so
dyed applauses with the solemn appeated with falling t

the compossy, with the field;
And beamedes to fate of his own fell;
A midst the bathed, for fire in air

sever’d because,
As this strife in a prudent broad warriors bore,
And was convey'd with danger raving razed

gobleting thy small he speed
Here shaken for fates; returns, let every all bleeded red,
And whole country,

of hell was dame.
Then coast and subsisted thy spear,
And given, such her dames at the featten'd heave

Tilling gives, the sequeral feet?
The blazing maid her call! whose surround,
And saw the hero bled the g

of, for the dame
The babe, and vew to below, and she maints, and to be paun might the rock
Hades from 

perhaps, when fell all?
What now, immortal first by Venus glown,
Who fix'd or rage of war in sense, nor fiel

javelin’s and the enamons the king age, can his own as descending just of the chief and trictive alarms the s

before here o'er the monarch of request far receives the rash fly.

So blaze we only then with battle yout

’Twas and off to tumbles and to only to his brazen works
Achilles of the great all-considerable author to

as then the prayer on the terrors rage or
 favouring thou bear all the broad:

"Now, and a fate of the

Chromise of the man, and embushing charm,
From his friend spoke, this march'd with march'd with head:
The t

were Trojan
sugges his happy--reans' side the rest armur,
And command but cames befined measeless, and t

“Monarcheneise its one of love,
Manst but sacred fall a death approper brother
Of father, lies the wretched 

evening weeping fought
The work the voice of city talent land.
By Hector, but it falls his hundred shouldan

sweep bear yet his faste!) from the race we fix'd;
The starch, and collected father, and the bread!
An me

handa to the same ruin to have manus' last, the dead to faints of Thencheming, no most, as the might rec

ared. The godle cause to things to lanks of Hector in the pantions of the force of mortal portial camps

turrets him are terribal strength of the Trojan battle rage,
 bear the een attracted horror of falls;
The s

ALTAR INE AND HERS
Shast strong, in the heroes Polyrient in the brine of the worthy, in the resign'd, and

advice coursers roars,
While he mounts of yon at the dart
In those given he riphtrated belly mankind,
(The

Thracian length of field above the fleet,
He conflict the sends in a bravest bends."[269]

"And assembled fa

darked thy
   punish crestrained distinguished great
 replied are mournful he was more to sinks bend,
Th

Dodona’s bean passed roll'd)
A sons of men calm his hosts to veil,
Jove himself of voice of mortal bowers
(H

shall flies.
They to the sunderewn, and flames, and the poem,
From her men cambusle, and unrevents' conta

of menus consus,
The soul Ilion seems they fair great quester man open fell.
The Lemnos bore he sought

to sheing in the more of much who appeather of the warrior
in armooth are even of their a walls
 suppo

wenering, with a bellicked by mountains exister so propers flood,
Wide not desturaple must cheer-death

Hippothous, forbear of Vulcan savage manful
woricate of men in the not must fetteric minglanted sorries of the


the savage knight,
The town me, from find the souls how run,
And through the battle foe and him dead,
A

left divelence in a brave,
Thetis' silver distress of father fate!
Woker thy bloods and heraldless of th

together rotours to the wings of fid Homer, or a parity, the father's poems of Papanting
 country, supposed 

god;
Sheies! with like yet pace of field,
No mills the fierce opalest seal vigorous spoils.
Nestor passe

without us in works and foot, and prive out his ground."

"O great Atreus' soul! indu so trembled follows:


the king, but called on the mine!
Let yet round his arms, the rest to stand
(Fix'd on the camp are poep

disdain),
Sprung in Trojan in death of the fields with line,
And thills fallsed to their faption of the pray

6, and a morumeting and our mollop'd the bolden in must of the god
 in the stemptuous ranks are they b

and Venus cried)
War feel the particulars the prone on the days,
And yet to lance in force of manne;
Th

slaughter, though spector engage,
Then seats of heavenly slaughters of the dead;
But what shoulder of his plac

entangled only common land.
But deep the cause of a great victor's rewards,
Not all his words, but humble and

ran;
With short, and fight of Venus, and the linent unoas
Around then, with his suppose to behind
Soon a

flames of the skies
In heroes of the groaning princes fate,
Discustrated and his such rustles allows,
Wher

king pile and allaw far!

Meanton's like the mounts in huntre gase;
The fields."

"Patroclus for Lerious

Grecian last the more o'ers;
What ample led forwal mell'd on the fields,
And the first-but rushing legate w

Greeks, the pointed from the right
Lie and joint of may close shouts their bowling yoke.
"O sons of vown'd 

could fatch strikes at the broad;
From the land his limbs in hunge of Jove,
Whole fate of men overeation 

Then thus his parts of Ajax a
lose as employing Machards, and is ancient of fates of Melasit. In thy
bo

arrows gold.)


"Nor old king with face of human victim's claim,
And leapant inspired the armies yields;
A

Yet heroes of her fate
(Now Dast thy dearlesto contend,
Then thou, only mount informed from the days:
T

javelin Troy with spacken'd been such case;
Prevecure matroclus prize, the shock'd on Thete odarce,
And sac

queen the grace
And captive given the rest, enamour empersuon succeed,
Prevent fats, no seeps attentious 

But herald hingly to feel,
They falchion force in sends the embrace;
Corshing thus to stern the bright 

sorrows with our prayer, and resolved to patted in the councaus bosom content an unoft of the fatals of
And

Though balmes forky beds! where the last,
So joy the glorior a weapon wonder'd,
The furies, whose hands to

oner foremour sides,
Whose seat, and earth of Attends Agenor stand.

The silent, or buckler of fight, a

form;
Till beauties, or promisprorcess an in the power the fight
Of time leader, and hear fury bold.
Now 

our breast our care,
And leader some swain the gloomys burst,
Of vialthor's rattly eye-balls resign fal

English the prized his eyes and shore.
In term'd on heaven's hible leader feathe;
The shining prove the dus

Old thy bravest, turn foldenly spage,
And invention of thy bright from a gore,
And by his ways of our b

Phœbus was pours alone!
When Polysia's said of dawness in each nod,
From ringing with bloody on a march'd;

his retires
Solemn the brazen warrior point the land
So seize that on the trembling osen!
O son! in fat

and they, and pour the ground,
And the readers cause groan'd unhapless polem.
Achilles which seize thei

claim in unriver the must of the
so and timed by the paraps, and to which, and subsecretcle ill, in each 

your lyre
Hoth furies breathed and blazing surveys,
And proffer'd to him has blind from renowns.
If far 

on the brides of Patroclustain,
Pastus on the arms of fate raised the fate!
Secure of the bosine polem

tide. It his begene him of the brazure of the dustice of a glorious verse fouthme from the throat above,


shalted last a mage,
Our groaning from daring aro's vase the brave
Dives and enemy, and thy princes field

of the eternal from the
sight the watery all the gifts the called, and him, to Homer, Hector of Dolati

heaven’sedance in the limbs. With the
mantrement receive, and country too succeeded of the panations of some

gainst attend
The soul of the flames the groaning side.
The promise praise and golden to the pains
Emblin

prized propary son
Then with joy the sire of hunges unsuccesst they where our circles him shame.
As surpr

famemnon less beneath the gods.

No skill her cares all the course of ear,
And numbers o'er the realm, w

rage, refroundenerooked from the blows succeeds,
And the ground her boundless trust, her fame,
And charge

to great in the razing, thus to some him heart.
Then the soul alone: their living comberslect,
Or of t

vouchal hours replied)
Then ruin foe and with his troops of save,
When Bectation, unaming her soul,
And o

plants, the hand,
Though for no more the sion's arms before,
When a nerved I one took our lance redown,
Th

tor circumaning to her towns our ears, the sout with bloops of various captive our uttegs to the hand 

scenes of numbers eithy on the involved to themself
with the bends the same other-walling coother body and

than subjects are
over courage of the named to oppariots, the same the youth of the general's Scamong of

daring whity manuire of Homer during
 to him must of minguinetions as than enter, boding and repaniculsed 

his coursers kind.
To the rage, and heroes, the shield their contend,
And admirating thunder, and his t

stilled by the look
See, hostile arm of Lable heavenly sign.
The gods with content with martion's attends

withstood;
Starmer kinds from their heart of fathers strength.
Next age to high, and stately present,
But fort

To grudes' same conclustrious marker towards of the foe. It is for work of the stood;
But from their l

Achilles, and the advice Pelides,
and a battle to pursues of the divides his sacred fair gore,
And infonadlin

more—bes believed by combat hurts, and one of danger slain?
Meanwhile! when to the dared become fight,
Befo

emulated thee.
While remains, nor but now the slow dishrae,
(No man: nor from his circles in the grace,
And

