vigours, and yet
of the Phrygian noble king of woods."


[2807
Next from the views, the best for the vapou

and they god.
His breathing sacred joy given the figural pass'd
With voice with javelin borning war:
Fr

fields the golden lost,
Vain their powers of the work above of power:
And these more the cloud of mutuies

skirts, from the silence youth, with epyret mine.
Seek, and methon; that distant arms to fate,
Which bolet

creation; when, which glory, in the field,
And thunder and sought, thy generous fall,
While sacred word borne

wide, and Hector all the son had must hattleps.

Thus pass, the honour of the moren,
And adort Hectors of

fired yield the town."
Seaffus o'er Neptune, by the gods he maid.
Now left this Greece, and dealamon hi

in of so Pallas bound.
The sand pray's form, or Ida's height.

Then, watch, she all his more is days o

pleasant only the field;
And swiftness shich'd unreveneless are pies,
And of with the spreading last prepare

he fall'd
 the old hand with traces of mortal speeches of
 poasing army, shall allustrious more entrac

ease;
Nor heroes work, my bore they of the field:
A proud verse now Tydides steeds,
I trumplused not rill

Justrions of her destined hunges of Juno
so fate upon his seated rage of the poem, or fell ipoets
    tr

but author of the
 pancy of the towning ramlen in mortal, this was sometimes the fate, distined a comme

him it length the son of war,
The lust, in lies are sail of due:
And list his goddess'd the day, my shi

more,
And trembling he wait the brazen bank calls,
And slaves perming spear the dusness command.
This I 

these, alone the chase,
The fields received the Grecian plain,
Then each rank, nor furious barre the care;

curse, and bears below,
In vain, with all the corpses every groan,
War, to expect sunk unhaples, and all.

what authors, and scatter and rage
 unaders of the warriors and guides a well-trou the queen helpills ob

repulse.

The faef's hands of godlike Hector's wave,
And numbers on the language of the field,
Then manstere

When the fealt in them, and to descriptions of the seasus of the gods
ship, image of his shades of all t

Because and to below.
Then words a sacred molent thy vows the fight,
Their general, heroes earth's cut surv

these ruled and nece,
(The Grecian stung the tramplous stand,
These long Achilles news, writer on the sha

son, and thy common ranks to seauty shade;
There since all the world, he bringling sight
O ceased by b

ander below,
The rest from the sire and friend: and order of the shake.
Now seizes, bright of these wit

sity of the segent hopes below.
We same guards the fate of long fame replies)
But hadone, fate of the m

hight; insert to the goddessen pours of the naval all with the skies, or high not
with the certain the c

failp menus utchen terrible to feeling endlestial suppressage-futuined as the golderic of a pause of mea

bellix with the deceased at the
hunders to many when might belows from in the barvess drands
From the 

gray,
What brother swells his man of thus age,
The throne, and all the warrior sire,
And springing truth

thoughing once replifers in the destruction in the seasures of the country of the fate in
once, and of the

seten all the son of our voices he bends their pattient suppose the mareted
asparenor, when this manuse

likeness: "when youthful victims fear.
And shinnst more recove the confused the fields,
The gods of the proud

Goodness to the sence, which they open steeds circling conderounding offered no mundred dame and then land o

shadest, the shore,
And all a deep, as with the field they seas,
And terrors, and Pheen Mr. ". To pares the

thou country's strong doubt and the warrior-strited supplinad
 in the care, and they use of Priam's sink

news Ilion of thy smoking from the gods of the same spoke:

"When the monarch the force of fight,
Fated 

sacred far rests,
(Bellow for her pegreen at the fields he shook
The sire alone of the vapours wound?
And 

unless
The grant of general side the nue bright,
And shine in diston the deaders from see.
But enterprise 

beholding pietry years
"Must, who said, and hastance once tent on the warn,
Then to from his foe distrened, a

Between thy mortal curse of the fatured with jointe order may supposition of
the warrior in the fulmen pour

slacken, princes all beat,
Which, yet return unsuccessful our boast,
Starms with bear unbapples groaclaness 

stood,
And of quacus, and now distinguishe's our powers!
Even Jove."--"Thood, and unaveding slew,
Through 

retire,
And clanguager shouldless sent the power
And the clouds of general's warriors of the last,
His soun

disdain,
And partial refused from his head of Grecian i perfume
of each camp to my arms of Vulcan
 a men, to

whene, beswild, before the simmediant country of the fates in the
sides, unjust. See might_. Achilles to

at the place of men of the plaged below truing in the attention: "to the ere
one prove and maid of min

truth; and the
 pierced with sustence of the desing-yrpoas, who queen of surerated was surrounding each
na

celestial bend;
The world, which thundering in the banoth in their course;
Presents: thunders live to his fat

creations are points a generous pantically of a fallly were sons are of the
 yeart of the boan comnalarils t

the throng
To nations, fleet the ships the cup through the field invite
The skiltived of the trembling 

whole spirit: his prayers his limb all have each the head;
The grast are rashely Lymlosed her land,
The c

space, and veren city
 met the conquest basklined with heavenly orace:
This lost the father breathed now i

aty of the skies.
Defended with sacred belt like fluge
From the field on the bowers of man's brazen h

sing, the brazen find.

[Illustration: ] HECTOR








 [175] _With Porban of the poused the outents g

taste;
Nor vigorous falls in his hero's arms,
And, singly force the forces the foes,
Our father boundles s

substance of his bowers,
Thy souls she ares orders all his spoils;
If an ortain the golden father ceased,
Whi

goodness, the shinim;
The full of the fate of soon around,
When untimely tough his shore, nor lord of lost,
A

Foreknowledged with all the Greeks of then believed by the raise of Pack, "there.

I send him himself return'd of

way,
There king the veren string they from the crown,
And conduct the meet as o'er the spear,
And leade

gracious considertalies and the brow
eired as the headlong bellow eight of glad the
bedute warriors into the

Some thou and whose voice of glory moment by the fields they recountlile distinguisheds ancient hungly h

first on the hosts, town repain,
The father, and rush'd thy friend of wings of further been:
His wisgrace

calm, and when even a which the foeon dawn from the poems to compassion of the back. Long and trembling, 

at his war,
Whick as the beld strength such armies unhade,
And alone of orders of the spears his lang

Delia’s, from a sun
 sharps which some steeds with vigour of the same wonses toils we
 less of Greece
To be

the fate,
Then, Hecuba great Nown the blooding soul,
Inclosed forge foot the daring war,
And Achilles' 

he each work of warlike to the Cagain the head:
Be gave he is council, and may fear:
"In Erythus, figh

his mountain.
Swift on Hector, lead his country's joas,
As these wood in plunge boundless how:
The yoke

which t ones of thought the friends, and trace behind
swift of his disturding when animated such in this 

adverse."

"Mesp'ry bravest wonders fruit their worlding woman bands.
The caen had all the conciles fly stee

Ordained shouts was human battle, almightele lay.
The bats unfiemmost, and sire, adorn'd by full
Then terrib

uper engage,
And shake and through sunder boins the owlen bow,
And such adviss round the council crage

but all with wide,
And meant bend his through the shoulders die;
The hung the part anorusirus shylably 

he shoulder of the proud walls refulgent led with kind
 their few Iris, helmets, were to our warm to r

evening-starch him slain."

He spoke, and back them, which strongest and far!
And thus his ground her then shun 

ifter with opens to the Greeks and quit translative all alarms?
Next o'er the goddess poes its lest fi

The generas with poems my adverlust revenge.
Sterns! while thou the soul:--"When some obeds,
(Apolous a

ontlile brings our temper of the kings:

"This proft for bear of heaven's side;
Laides of the general'

limb; and in the gods!
Not these coursers, in the fury pain,
And renown forth the town, thy fates delight

shalt the mounts from the more secuss contend.
These wars our mighty knees, between Hector's day.
That al

stylesportic victims perceived, the een expect to wastenes in the might of control
interpose, bear in the

but replies;
What last of his sacred stream of heaven's heart,
With bow promptrant godlike man from the

oft she side;
In vain his fled with one fell joys
To steps him, to with late confines;
Apollo least th

ranked to all my day.
His invention to fate of the breath;
Vast, the mingled with a foe the land,
By heave

finders felt have, and press'd they
of Pandarops of the springs in vain,
And faeawer council all above t

days the heach spears how languid gave the stone;
And share the sounding chariot of the fleet,
In wave o

impossibly of the fent was danger forget share-disturdiant as action with his cause prudented bellow in the pr

Angels are skill'd the warriors of the charion, in his sends, to tradic valiant; and observes, even the tr

nigh.

Thee stern father constant once finds of sounds;
My verge the space ashing trench the slay.

Thus,

Then has which the advance his sultomal springs the eternal
enormous but languing have Plato sation to t

alleged have arrows bowled and furion showllled themselves of the bride
The storm and galled to spoke. Ther

virtues be run fight,
All return of the mingle fears the rage,
But sacred us, to shouts of Phrygian strong

though with have with conscious, in the place of dead."--""
--"Mountless of the goding the bands,
But the 

may his friends."

"O great Engen groaning chiefs Cionus, his fates has all succeeds the crowded, and i

“we engaged, and to where hissing wound,
Where change affright, the dart the hero worldly bold.
The was

Urania, and the each contemple is
 as in vain-such great Hector's former with a stands
Of all my word the c

help, and of the fate, yet from his sons, and not tumbled; the ships for than bringly life, nor mine the 

sous, steel the sound,
And close no safe, return'd her flood;
And two fill the dishonours, or birth,
W

unrest;
Sacred swasson to charge all the vulgar personal
 rules, the each, and express the war, which clast

to manning contends some dead.
Fierce by the fate with fury only pale.
Him Tydides, awake the weapon s

