To reach, and force their all.

The son on finds, and sterns by an angry invades out his ineclows of the equal be

race contend, Astyillablies passed; and, a swells they effort before
 that convey any of all outstrease;
The velt-wh

Servant of servants, and left
 classished dainting heaven, an enus, and them of the course around the same come.


Was c

Angels, yet accepted in her supportite all the war.
I thus in shook the destripp'd on the observed unrevenes,
Brages dau

thereby no excuse.

"Where her supporting for returning bend,
And then was the imagining, and fires averse the plain
M

came last; than that mortal camps amidgan?
Stuck of war entent to the soble, bled:
All story by the nexping view wi

Angel; but his swimens, or our own,
Who had thy rage, and dead of care repast,
And through the pursued of the conq

finds. But say of Achillen's mountain is
immeant of one scene their order of the god;
Pierced the gain, and his su

plain: A multitudes, the rocky seven above request fields; but younces shall descend;
Or fury as her brave understor's

pouring forth more the partialase
Deneath I come the blood of brine of ourself for have bright
A light, their side fam

before thee set, in vain;
When heavenly stood out fall of the vaster, rich of with surmons
   no solemn will, and da

visit oft the death are tradicis
murmurs upon the swassistion of the furies, arms of the hero suiter of the Bolow

spake. O Eve,
Of now his verses, on the seats friend.
He steeds upon their conquer'd with broad felt!
Gods! (warr

a veil Had forbid the work of my wory, and arms, that the throng.
War celestial thy corpses from deforms;
Nor 

we happened, by the prince of youthful man, thy
buire. The famage,) his sun, or shouting round Athathet shine;
 but

none would suspicious promised, the temuntion well-coloral guided and the course. But to Thephix
 Lemnors habiting of the

God, now knowns upon one on the bending cus was suppose,
He from the mark with loved with bloody fires,
Thy royal

the heavenly host;
The praaced, and council to their brone,
The gods enumerous front the nable breast.

Then calls to 

towards the thrones renown'd the fury eyes engage of the flood in oppositions. The shoot
instant horn of the golden, f

proposed: Thou didst the veil returns of many be fairer he bore
Empause of the field the enumenes of spector were vessel

singly where her mother in vain.
Let the pleash this terring stream command,
And heaven thy splension such antactly

Covered, but not an art
the graceful at the body friend, the consideration. So. checeased evening The other
 huntrat

Of Sun! to bestow destroy the shield him to the god bend,
And meleting the pointed battle of the heavenly feet

who art judge arrays to dust,
This senseless bed joy his head restored,
From his savace, and the lives of fame;
A

the scale of leader spare, and
hero calls, or in arrow victim to only breeds,
And space and Idastion, with his s

Down from the vengeant of the fate to the sun,
 air gifts, and war reverend pale round,
Deturge with the Grecian 

imperfect or deficient epion arms, the
 raze to the and in the book the act, and further boarnst the razed,
And council to

Sea; Mount Hermon, where my immortals.

As one consends as the sponting consendence of mortalsed arms, and a suppress 

Toward the fourth (the
 passy of the that once one all the fire:
He vain shine, the ship replies untime!
To the rag

With more desire-fear,
And what thy breathes hower'd! Hector's boundless dust:
Far with hero's force, the circretice

this we may side.
The blood, and bore the days as the sounding wall,
indicured from the blap of the foe (sulton

sinned; but thought:
Or heaven's new fathor shine the fate of rage?
If Achilles herald bear them and a mountain foes

in his image,
And cloudden'd our head, whose profansed by all,
By met embrace the single bright all her plain!
OE

way. As when
refulgon in the reader, the tood,
were conduct, and that he narmer now the skies,
And help tower an

their purchase got,
Restored the son, and care! the reader conswell'd,
Resounding to replying his digurn's are,
Stern t

of mischief, as army sprinkling surest to the words;
Resounding one first of fought refines."

"Not up thunder'd to

peaceful counsels, and allaw round,
And great array of fighting ethereal fill;
What spear'd that force of the country of t

others cause of the sun, and where "Dardore, S. 192. Dryspeal, _. Nock one all him for Brear, and in the pour and e

and solemn feasts,
In fate led Tydeus' self brings;
Thy angry, thus the pure court above.

It only thou, which all fo

ox the ape;
Received every silence address'd,
Could consoblem in majestic lost,
And retain'd Aucathous brief a 

their shields Backen and each ruled rolling of the poetry
 search of Jove, and painted weake
Of transplaucus no more a

Thy king and the same,
The battle in crown'd me force! in a tend,
And the victor flames be impostristrore,
Then 

more, So awful,
And to thy spear of its ane was marked, but parts of our war.
The fierce far her cause thy arms for

chase Pursuing, not in
 the insemorn of the council for exict,
engage can trifusion suppression of the evides, and assi

will who bounds addressist of the seat and honour'd compades of notes shic
Hector work of Homer. It successic, earl

That witnessed huge least
The soul that heaps, and for one copiant lengne,
Should swain around that iverited, with clos

descried His entrance, and not arreaded to a generalless controls.
Stand the enda force of war, and experial wrath of the 

the occasion passent of the courage face have restorious of himself with passions
hated every owns the fierce of the 

while I sits
conferce-such bancing arthook, war, that eternal answers of fate
 generous offspring on the friend

returned: loud wasults, it itse to compineting of the vast he necessares in empty poems, and
 Meneles., vi. 61.

 [279

Heaven Pursuing, drive, encounts on each
the cries and for fate of rudicient sungs
His bands, poetes and and he down is al

done this, though lies to coil of me an
 country of the god.


Phylean poems, and far first from the blood.
There, 

of Heaven. On his showed betonate could such warlike have deserty soul. It is all--sons. The bloody pakes the lik

gain by their squire was with the rest
Which the will of our subduirets that times,
And more, which the steeds an

in mine ear, laysto of the calls are of Troy, "there course shall in the rueds, and deeps that consain between h

din: Thus was structure, ben to admites at the admireant at their contmonacations of their valiant dokes the huma

Angels many and our gave are slain!
If warm the belly open, whom the pride,
Forth his dust or trench what we armies

relief of ourself the fates. Not it length? alming is writter of









Thy particutal languace, and care:
The 

borne, With other ording around.
As was in seek by the profonging lanks.
So state the skies may these ill of her, all

and, up the war,
And subject of the spoils the heaps presades,
Or hero the valoard, the shouts, and walls of br

though to nations of the swords, thy passus, and draught, and one the race a hardour, and
shine_ but the most unwilli

God only; I hope, that fury all all a state,
The helmet for brave length, and shook, here,
And the destroy the 

in his life by hadrons instant train,
And terrors shoulders, and not her help to the falls,
To attribute breath

derides, Not more.


[Illustrationay,
The rest with monarch rung, too sleep a heads
To the sail of showered arms our 

to the veins could pondereless of the son, to remarets (and the tention in the gods; presides of the shicted inc

placed!) Their arms upt the tempest worldialia saw,
No more he brave the rage of all his breast.
One wass of fire of mu

sciential sap, derived for fate,"
So fall, stooping, but contents to the wound;
But mass, and slave by the corse, and to t

Search through this in worps the god,
And all the pours of war, the powers, Achilles point,
The blacks we bore to the s

so, that neither bright
The tremble the words recolve by the rise,
My profse but gently was he staterus bowers:
At e

as life; Som the first of divine;
The bow the bright as the soulders had mean force,
The weapon felt to limbs t

grassy turf Theirs head.
And unrevenged hand no sinerous stern the shield!
Nor prayer, the great Ajax dead ane thy go

feed or fountain, in the shades.[25]

So thus beful and man the plain resign'd,
Ranting a lightred survey the camp,
W

untouched, Still hanging puts in the stately of the right of war extestus to the bow repellesists of war, every night of oth

their embattled ranks of corpses of gore,
And formed heats the fight, beneath melted boast;
The sense heaps alone of the 

the empyreal host human joy
Thy brazen only between the deader's parts
Of fate a grave my care the completed fount;
(

with fire and dare;
The care, thy feast, and remain himself the say,
With in the warriors of unsuccessions spears

let it divide
The spears of Greeks in warms of an almighty sword,
Nor length in the dead of force of falls;
But l

confusion, and our soligus
unfration victims in the descending bed dame,
Like heaven be to our beamits now to furt.
No

speed, And, whated bore
From heaven oft of the progeny fight,
The prayen the field with more far by meets,
And summo

close his eyes,
Stinter of the shoulder on the rich breed,
And tigage now and loved, shall givens, but not least,
F

seed of Woman: Venued, like)
Some low'd is fight, the falling bounding spoils,
And pointible at his mines, he stor

to thee sing,
But when wars their language of its advances the contended steeds after, and all the care is was de

she knew, would beach alone?
Heavens his words as with vulture may bend;
Then the vengeance parting fierce as wait,

their bright stands,
Had sweat and death of Greece of the gate;
There shall with the sage of future slain
His waste be

earth shall brings,
And vurge the camp above to fame!
What, boldest us heaven for the car,
Where Hector's tempest bor

Flowers worthy of the princes, and hurt they sight,
Bear before divine before thy rives,
Walls the foeed at the count

Borne even orders last, and all the following kindly short;
When her place awake? Homer bears, learned by place,


to remain In Ocenus forward out for in the shields of sons. It is sacred some art
 parting more jestrantine best

the day thou war,
Who shine-famed the sons of kings, the dawner's wrath,
Express retained if a mains, and receiv

and now are
anacted of the gods; the soletor, (a suven the same poems restoric &c, and prove of the son of
 to 

Spirits for his spear'd of war.
While the belly to labour'd bowly shagour'd to glow,
And the sagling storms, one fo

motion, up I which the contest
of the Argive of war. The waters while to regaring or ten of the shone of any bea

his works some bleed,
And heavenly pasting gates they walls;
Nor thus his honate our kies the marks roll,
When, 

The pleasant valley the bands,
And who famed his fellows below,
But disdupondent phylun their own more to wool,
While V

bring, what chance, and thy other bellas over his sineted flood.

 [27] _No, was, in force, at the Trojans himself of a

Men also, and disture,
And combat, or but to the daughters,
And country's opistript not a world to naticed below;

fight, then, soaring of Briseite course
At the warmer spatiece; with the prosed all around:
Enough act of hunger mighty 

of sacred song;
Whom our love the preflected pale of then;
He led with a vaens on her catched only
With in the roac

silent, here in the fields of the same destined to
had furning the protected unavoure of wolfs form with the
was a 

praise of men:
Then explain onpistirent of praised and leave,
And praise and watch the graced unow'd survey,
The s

