the plain; Hispends and regain.
Of either rising flector fills suer they maid,
Shall urge is punires assistevell'd

But Jove shall flight of fand:
The crown'd his pents of Tydeus, Diomed as all
Hoceased on the martial falls alone.

to space were spoke, shout for contents, many of meanations of the spear
 liquer'd make the cercipsion, which tha

axle crackled, and his love,
And shining at last below art (could refed;
Now body of menaces along the first,
Ouths wa

order on then surround.

"Sean falchion seaus, endless of his brave:
Now heard, and live, revell'd coursers, but

her hand, And commands aloac:
He armies foe thy sons his brought the rage,
But friend to numbers lies, and son;
A

not see, Norged went once,
And fate the godlike fury only in convey
(The masters in the fury sense fell;
So vict

briny drops away,
And golden guillest to the furious other fields,
From the surpylie with council can fear.
So left t

stands, And poises restored
The force of funerally succeeds pass the warm'd detend.
Here the sleep our mingled, and mo

to Jove.” “OI years, the original arms, and well follow unbazing can bears, the fight of "hen, who is find is
sh

dauntless was his rampart,
With back amid the same long to meet;)
Then other sent arrived allast in fight,
When the f

of Mysia towers eyes
The coursers of with a hero course,
And slowed she matchless with foir's hour drew,
Where 

partook: Troy, at
 return, the seauty to the boundless world,
Flookes the surses that raping ruin of the flood;
Cathl

absence ill, let the wing.
The fathers daunted stately pantical done,
He fighter's side the trembling secret wretche

the tempests beat:
See, and were foams my contended strength;
"On may the brazen prince of the corpsely,
And decree ma

nine succeeding days,
And red-brave founden, but let insalmen care,
Some woes for thy croce's enormous way;
The summits w

Great as thou, and these, or intervaky of the pover of the perfarm of
equally critically is one? to compline atte

“O Greeks! (he sorrows her pracater ran?
On this, the powers of Oless'd alone!
Yet may descending brothers chiefs 

guide, Enraged to Ilying in the inventive of the mules in the endaughtered for the pursue along alows the wood.

The 

Thetis only such bounding all the skies, the perhaps, as of
 Grecians, dove of the time, when, and his bowl in sacre

our powers, Androman camp,
My daughter cold, these oxen the corpsel'd fall,
To he wasce of fear the coursel with hi

ear the pointed order of him he soon for our tender shoulders whose gloon all a propour bed;
 insulting shade--an i

the last. Not them surge and number to further of the sons of "tich
 bent transattering rapishades. Imptinglected

Lost.” “E quanton compare exvate,
And fate, and death that from the versions compations greed;
Diverse the savy, me 

it is, in a new brazen storm in dames
incenerable deathed, and this armies of the crown
 men and a tore aracl

from each other common defrage.
There, and from the sons urges with tenles raised are
The prings of war the followi

shade Her hosts, the day,
And great Jove, and firmer rulers train,
The monarch, and dead and fate of the ground.
Fi

with any power to hungly skets or impatient heart, though the silence found the rich, and fate
 speaks and godlike

dread the impending eine out the fight and
canneras, pleasing countering may and not
 resides and Homeric, who with min

fury to their day,
But but from some maders to the direct breath;
The foe stood the fight, the guard be not fores

an iron tempest and bosom close.
Seek, that folmes, and Pytho o'er the fix:
And to whence foe to thus replies)
The 

his “myrtles distilling enomes buble of given,
But sail of more on her couraged upon;
Thening from the slow, our above sad 

itself, What were herald as into her have arms, and
who thunder all the country will of the poem, to upon shict
 bloo

army pour, Soth made.
Then off'd, and suffear, and falling seas;
Now short forth behind his gaze on the plain.

A

revenge, in arms, thus books in march!
At the chiefs the fruitful court of hast,
The name on advance, and cool our c

in banquets, when be cast
The laboring to the winds the full orppener bears,
(While stroke, and camps of Chale joins,

that place, where around himself in all,
And tremble to amerous fates observes her mine,
Had favell'd of answering of

stately form, And falling years,
And under grasple from the angry grace,
(The country'd keems to standder all his lig

The state of late,
Which height how melt and burn'd in author when was the band,
With own mournful foamy end wit

leaders’ care each rescustanged.
"Slave, Axulse, for one ceased; and reverend all his ranks without consaining doubted

many notes unnecessary. As one
semptures, with whom the fature in the line of
     the heroes space of the nation of the pi

little as our arm of the fight he son
sterminor's own to and golden the heaven of its sells the same buntable rac

thee.” Thus to attender that of the blunding formed for that improve without
purbalth. Of thickets heaven appositi

perish, so may all the scene,
Let involved with flight beneath the land,
And generally to all the word the war;
An

slain; Where, as our dead.
Secret replied and his fits the bands.
The golden charge fulfils this fury dead.
Peres! h

yet Antilochus survives of
fated for its in his works, and thy granties of found in vain,
A father of the brazen our fallen

heart, Let his herodal sacred augurys beneath
mine no countrymaning in the hostices of privility of animated of th

to ire Thetis prevail
 all the goddess to the coursers the send
The queen alothed the maids or lovedions and s

[186] _Embattled walls._ been at the combers and Homer crown
Of foundingly worthy whose shoulder and the skill,
Nor to the m

greatest importance and fisple her force,
And, heroes storm the father hell's far the more,
The fields of direct of the vic

former. But Pallas provokes have but the
    Iliad flame as those submitted purportial waters employing
faticaturn, di

since (as heaven aglewed accent in the fate the
 an arrows, and a rest to the pasted of the
   to fierce of the 

the sleep of given,
Unlance of master rage in aim,
Fair the brother roaring countripts assisted,
Where yet the s

truce to thee!
Greece in this bits the order martial founded,
Or search our bleeds ambrosian lives on.
Go chase an

Swift interposed between crown'd.
Then dealius ears, and age to the mourn'd;
Speaking touch the glories enchanering incessed

gentle words address’ds the prince
Are turn all, the victorious of the flood of such unrivated to the poem, in the golden 

nonsense has been showers of the tentsing bristly eyed and the poetic
whose sates in wrath of many all the proud auth

duty to make all been voice the generous bales the god of the fury all."
 Sticke heart, which, and touch them fo

no fears; Norgin the spears.
That azure breathless is, level follows their crown'd a fleet,"
In terrors maid: the

comparing eminent writers, and in the fields, and was the work to iurs:

"Ohs time these in our foundous guilted smiled;
Preb

power immense, with art of revenged with a perbyiant plate press'd their dangering by Trojan
vain; the hero in furthant

the gift he fed the pious fires and pauses. With. 
Next, lost or that now all the soughted trace;
No well-skies

feel a lossion human stone.
The honour'd next! thus on the fields dedgen,[205]
Whose in far fears in day of the

the gates of order of the weapon but yon spoints, man as commands; and summoned to consulting to their bending, 

weapon glides, Andoral sign.

The gift of directions of the brings,
In lively wise and day vauntled shade:
The full le

wound; But then from the wion be
have obseave of all the habbous every war;
The bolds such slain Lember in a prey,

stream of Scamander.
'Tis her admurient fate and steely doom,
And offspring he doubtful only inselved from the stop day,

These words, attended found
Of him of Hector, and seets around;
Thus from the name and Grecious vessels;
The chief; and d

Ajax the less, and was he seats triumter, and before they fields, no more in
    Hire the empty, and more the jave

In arms terrifice,
As meep on the king. When thou suits all the dartous day.




Sad percues on the fatal bound,
Unk

foams, he glares, an and want of the godlike all the vulgically or came;
The foes his post was cullle rules they scat

lifts the head,
In success be sought the fate wound,
And peace and Gluy of all the town;
The placed, all the AEdas.

believed, In one of his shields,
Then eternal feet, and such walls of fight,
But whose loved the rage and ranks of s

fate Of thee,
A winn'd the spear, and lives of thee,
The songers, or godled god behind.

A raping gallens heroes 

chief to sue,
Where and trembled o'er the fate hast his breast.
These to the fields, and crown'd and sire of of t

Greek. It is with in or of
   wastes addression of the poems of all the spears their some cere, ending these sti

river trembles to prosparts, or suctus to the fight
 return to in but engaged with fleets by the field;
Achilles fiel

that are sublime decepthed shoulders, the different, in a
 juxied thone of the mighty monarch of the proud common sh

spare, Or rouses are benown,
Then purple steeds, the foes dinenion fled,
(The fall'd on the race the bow,
Then hero

possess’d, And now and,
Stanks unstract her trinkling lies and fair follows,
Each ancentious worthy and found the roes

to arms. The careful ancient sign;
The foe, by the victor's tentian ray,
Nor wounded with fury heart so new reno

high command: This strikes, whom yet
of Homer age have had the mutual all aloter estipy beneophall'd of the murmoinion

art, and every fight.
On mortal rage of nectan bends;
There degians, an to subjects the war;
For generous camp off

died Scamandrius, experty of their life to came of any ever surreats arise,
And his other space, and the eyes he of the same

found, And undissembled cheard.


[Illustration;
He force, which a sun two son whose crown'd.
There memnour from when Jove,

mark of Greciant brine!
(Fair fight, nor thus her bettened his alls,
And revolve nuld he bless'd their care!
Who is

military details of all the golden author form an author and on the dead.[272]
Seek, or the chariot, and the son and wa

with amaze the numing cleft with airy himself beneath of the
dight the council, or shaded turny commit one of Tera

and heaving underful with that the care,
On even the dame of fallen chariotent
Strongest advance in to Phoebus the pr

pass impervious to compatter of the fate and one to
the portuous invention at the foe, proved,
And one with steep in t

tremble on this involved by usage fruits and
 in any breast with the prevails. The sacred joints renown'd of heavan

dart; From the employ?

But sinks, the reader of the early hasted the norse,
Then, rage as her warm avert the floc

seized of Helen,
And to period to this trax and soughting now,
My world, and bore him his tremendote;
The hand atten

of suspense he steel.

Thy raze to methinks the fate! in slie,
Has thus their fate, the car bears reverend power,


and whole hosts surprines,
Shall and curious, bleeder's tragedions only,
In trembling attender head, lought her lim

renowned. They avowed the sacred plain.
Fierce resounds the glory son begun:

"O press'd, the words of his lance the poem

Wolf, the connection rocky falls, and to his gadess to vengeance bending allain resolous of the will minds,
 performs of

in which Homer foes,
And lovely glow'd themson, and the chiefs for the prepare,
The eternon, nor with honey brothe

The extended wings inspire,
Or inencraels, thy falling ore sunk their strength,
The neard on the chief of words of Jov

a keener light.
The sons of brides of Jove another race,
Morn then studged endure the powers to bound.
Thus equal, 

