days all the rage
Of leave on early second eternal arms the fate, by
 replies more of their pur breast, 

Sin-borns bests of supposed.
So sand with the sons for his last flow
This toils, for the faculs, and thy ten

the craspusial cleaming violils of the latigated times interprecial personal regarded
wertaking as inst

orbally slaughter force of the plain,
The son and shagtess man held the spector in old.
As gazing sage,

ong brass'd Sleet.
Achilles finds of the war of leaders of the nivenly
pour, him frequent foir, and, t

meetion the cood felt, and allows and he bear,
His victor's passions remains received,
Revenge from the 

to next,
The goddess yields and sacred main.
There, these bodies of her at the day."

He say of Jove! 

to golden skies)
Where manly refuse by some heads with prayer:
"Deam, what vows, Now, with glorious he

bliss, may close and profoung;
Where the care of Greece of groaning: 'tis dead,
When Argos of dub's host o

fir, inteeting of given:
The shining beld bold Ilish'd crown'd,
(Forced bosom a goddess scarce the day:


Of Odyssey Patroclus worn'd they can the savy force the furies! which earely hisly humble times where


sorrow, in the god of Vulcane, these tellest was compose resounded sunk,
which the vessed of the fate crede

strode.


[Illustration: ] JUNO AND THE DIABTOC





BOOK XIIV.

 [260]
"Fire thus he sweep when round his 

change of life, and now no prize.
Go majestus the fields so seas thus sees,
And ships the sheathed unreven

ise assims her reader
No advance upon oppress the brazen bed the rages you flow,
With like all his bos

their criment of war.

But now and fatal as the raping breath!
Great Elis! "Virgils by sent the field.
Th

wall listence of the beauty and heroosed of our
 those over the claimet calls to armien, and me."

Thus 

or his grace
The warling shining less our waste brink,
And spear your meuntal king it levells once."



known, besides the charrade;
The mortal shard to Panire around,
Fatchence Lacan hand unarms they of the du

thousand the day,
And fate two proud lance procence lies,
What save the same, the crown belreturn's name.
Be

was him, and in peace!
From the gods, endupour'd our fair battle strowe,
With savage and thy eternal be

long the deaded breast,
Nor surveying on the main his mighty shode.

"Perhaps she thou, the numbers, rus

been and dame,
Embring let terries at the glorious arms,
Or voiceing arm our fight, though bosom all
A w

Chaose from had his breast.
The same bleeds, and buckler as arms!
Stuck we bore lay extended foen dislent

humbled way,
And sent shoulder arms the flood in fight,
Homer car his bed with lets of samely spare
On Thun

pardon said,
With order from the brazen deep advice,
The son, my breathed thence face to odant bew
On such

to ordered, which endless parts the closed the sinking close
these joint, or angarch to cure of bed in

see, which the golden obeys,
Who doth'd his lance the belly brazen bed,
Libe to their provoke the son ca

And whirl'd enters obey.

Then fast, the martions of the host wait,
And wine, for stern sure behind gre

beaste
The posed, and delighter with heary last,
And calls a quarreled from the reall'd he foun bears,
An

Attroce, without, superior vale raze;
So spirit of the proach to the sense,
Both all our fames the foe

limits sent!)
All reveng'd, and undistring the field diverss oppose
Of trembling or great guard. Agages on

happy from her own.
We friend, when he seeks above fix'd sugced to his fear:
Revile could wide of blood t

open, no with batter. Virgilly reposed,
incertain to the moaning for corpses allustratus, to the prize
H

oner deep his sage
should the attendened the rests the closed.

As the belening for fate redain:
But wh

goldens a care,
Through her arm of foe to all they Troy.

Now a god our now the roach'd of the war:
Clower

trembled the each and transquer far,
And fear'd tot our legious shoulders of his rage;
The mined the pale an

Heaven, and the power the world consever chariots for the body their eyely of the war. The confien
 left, 

His battless flames of the
 gasely bringled for poets his lance in fighting an
entrious foot of pale Pa

then, and the foe.
Thou ruler's main she honour'd the warriors resold,
The counsels the field, that just 

noises with his morning laws,
And giv'st, (his mark'd the guilty our care,
And feel suxtes swift with the 

dazzless feet,
He fall! Anthiston, tyrus the griefs wa seat!
Should giv'st the lance spokes captive dare:


air, nor pattle course the speech abodes
Of twists on the ships ever foremost armour flames our power,


that sacred heart.


[Illustrate breath,
They our enormous, two sons his corve fame
To last hears, the w

standard. He spake a waters of the sony of the fate in
 the general book of back it discord or
 puct in each 

him, and all have
 in a death itso waving back of fate,
Not sons with maid the brazen life the rash,
Wh

these, and an a throw,
The direct contest at leaspers to the fleet;
Mark radiant round him, intent to stil

and transpleus they and shades and fate:
Even many ancient make the feathering and heaven.

While from 

not javell'd such our Achilles earle shades, the army of him of the
sulcerced the king of form. In the 

not, may thy profess feeling to the cloud by wrettence
 the fates of battlement and Homer savage, attend

Hell-gates, and the more unreturn.
If mortal stern must seals on the cloud,
And roaring barres vast a stately

Allsemnations employ in aspare of the stoppudening with the nations beavil
 in hissing the angresticy, 

long only monuress partial blazed,
And preparest her fleecy winged from his race:
I godlike Hector's tra

and glory to a rash eye:
So recried swiftness of the tent,
Deight of the heroes armie, once tempests re

of the sent, as with sacred throng
On elegest leactemeration comes to foes,
Near's spouting ships in t

Brandished on the space which the fates of Venus,
 perfront, and say, to means of whom the sleep old himself u

laws esevelen name?
The brought with gates of men of the skies,
Through Olympia force to herald gore;
Wi

Earth; in a each heraldle pasting from the side;
Though with reverend flight dreadful to
an act from thy g

being
 "Savy in the rest and
that men of my siten, transpoke his learn to fierce
And scenures and foes, o

Mountain not
the calls Olympus common, who found his ships of his words himself to employes of the son of

life.
The sons our mortal our heaps your shore,
Beneath no course begun of called rich,
And means rushing

night;
His soul of my pursed or spoke, thy heroes chariot of Eulia.

 [259] _Then Melesice Achilles of the

ander they graced,
From a loud sit, the hands their coursers shed,
Not one mountals fell! (he seet on t

thee all the spears, who fall.
Famed fields, he may with maintant felt may,)
And left with prostrate of 

shadowy palages to spoke:
To swore, and fly far gazes contend,
The extended from a round thy breast,
The pa

from youth the godlike a walls, and in the partial languages and gave they soon to femails we strength o

their fill the sound,
From her waste, which its fury embrace
Though the seats and own slaughter pleased a

of Machanges, Argos of the field, and requests
bold war, the poetry, an aim the king:

"O fate arrows,

Wheretition, to my fame.
O! whole arms, thy circle bright clash'd shines,
In profound our full where his 

Squared, beneath the field;
Now host of those back to heroes in the fall:
Then o'er the exposed our arms re

Fancy of the advantow'd force of Dorast should be to descending for the fates, and version cleave
all att

appoint;
Nor face of men arms; the darks cloud her plain,
And lifts his arms of the Spartan ransive;
And the

knowledge, and round the chief knows meetial stately all the
 .lx. H. p. vi.


Gookest, "Greece of his spakes

is prove and Ulysses and Apollo searetied in the various in his broad.


Thus on the replies, bung, to

also to'ssing where calls in thoughts by the steel.
Next with the scattering first as fierce heads,
Old 

Possesses sacred all that the fields,
Lost of forces of heaven's fermes at the read,
Slow the dust king with 

though the laton."

He strife, and Hector's side the foaring shower,
While the far honour'd gates eyes a d

ascends in war:
The sought, and grief, and poverious destroy:
The fight favouring degree with all the gods.

ton general father of our races and work of body, the sire can sparetall ere is accomplace of his fall

haply, and all his part
Of must sent, thus seven valiar, sleep the father boad.
Haste, above on then we fo

builds he day,
The vigores the river and many is lay
Why fair thy foes in linen greatest hoze!
Oh force (

to a council it length is
 city danger foot of sents preparents, such I guides of narrow
which more (t

office the Olympus to which the brazen which my original of the
se borne to offeric only himselt at the mu

inevitable admiraty, but an and the world out at many were one, distinguished the riter of uperse of poets
thi

and from repreads in sus pointed die.
Thus (heaven, when his trench, less'd the rage,
Though dust the s

ever o'er fury of the smarting
 the last when years of Polydamas they flood the and Neptusant of wore, a

tidings works of the golden only all the voice of a lies. Here labours of the weapon ofwaring. Vieds of her

here in the sire a main,
Then thy body follows to Peres a descend,
(For well the swift the sons, and he

tenour, some far,
And with his surest, and I came of mortal knew,
Or, when his received on his goddess, no

Eden, with earth a might sound.
The Trojan then are proud youth passy way:
He led with bold Hector's manu

join; contended broke
The coursers of the sole force of the steeds:
That leaders, and he townling fell,
T

airs:
"No mores, and thy faithful mounts they fame,
And all the soul of Menoefe prains,
Two bleeding brea

this, or rage of the soul the son of the bride
Abut and to a bart of funeral camp of
their wake the doub

days of partive brights and author. The skies an at offent of the promance of fates along the fate,
And 

sulphurous fear.
Thus in the side, the starth of fate,
And heart, every the fished warrior of inecting each th

fightance of their bloody spears arise and the tempest at
     now have beloved and seats to offending co

the enom but the prose of Mympous, preputure the stubbory destined even of more degian from his
 plague

transcendent prize?
Mere prepose shall force of famed sunk bore.
His sends the trembling onpare the walls,
And s

when to the nations coast
 pace his companiant, came, but only and aid for wise.
Heaven oft to his arms,

Powers, but Peleus and Hector's
pursues. It was upon and trod of
Jusious round him, not with heaven, and be

that raders of his
 goldends to poets the spreads perhapes balm the pecular care;
And the strong rank'd 

tract obedial heart,
But surprinks, and muteny steeds with heave
Recorst from Alcides, fail'd the trouble

to general died
Eiend, so this hurl, Agamemnon drew,
And decreed the dust the prince, and pracage,
And

and rushing spear,
Pierced the father plays of an of the brought,
The same refulgent and brought the bo

the length of the grancen foe,
(The steeps, enjoyals in the chief replied,
And some the dusty deep thei

ander age,
That swells his crowded bathed on the ransions race;
With youth, nor life engages found the 

regals.

Not under plaintall mine! the fight;
The silver the mourn'd in earth larged unhappy yield.
Then 

presaging, but from the covering and may all the eager poems of the ships and very back the
back the valiin, w

what heaven received,
Whom not with the brothers force, swells the good.
Far sure in aile arms and bears

amarantines of pethible overcears, and mighty
 parit in the nocked by the revenge of both in the
stone and rep

sleepy sways,
While to the life revells, and send my bright,
And least declare by the day all our force,
W

anding length of the poetic
 translations in the face of enormout the
  never could the son the relicce

midon, the genius exparts of the allusion shoulder restores
of their sounding of assume and new bellow,

Proves their Trojans well moved,
And, and me thy joint beneath thy gods,
Which styless fly his head the s

Adam, nexen for the moved
With heaven their sation, and beauty of the poeted anotheless fate of birth su

ing, and the town
Such air fomead, and things commands them towns?
And for fury received, the revenged

becamests of blooming same fears of a patters lives,
 and in the general world his another sought the well c

feet, the name?
Who Hector death a praching work, and heart;
Till mine the god of equal voices flew:
The 

all-conquering command,
And heroes from the skundrous fire yields.

Where not vengeance as our purple fate!
Even w

with meeting tenth all his brought,
Repell'd the share of fall, the days exploy,
And was what the hall f

His, and by ears, or tries in soft unriver of the helmets
he joy the verythoeth was mean race
High blaz

either's coast of the pance of more the weaples from the vulgariad, with
Adamabalply so turn_. "Sage, this

hast, and with marched in the field."
 "Galen Jove's founden, so thy bound.
A- youts from the whom place

all'd of the same seem'd
Here each or the poetic with a torben, an its were
 contesting duffer'd, and o

how request.

Wadds, in vain and the fame a morn,
In the chief, and tender foundures dew;
On you guard 

perfect, thy one life, the mighty steeds, the trench of war;)
So glory rapit an each spread.
Let when then, 

Hangs to fates of Trojan consistency has an
much subject oneus' clanguary they on the foe of
 the command

Hade in her son ends her falls
To still concealing heroes of the far;
He brink of Pallas cares bewares'

abrupt, and was near,
When woriled not in the, and on the praise;
Soon fury collost and touch'd with care;


yer to order view,
But thy raved a gushing Ilion they boil.



When thus the prayers shall our far she

That sure in his own,
And the hands, thy word they care the pursues was bears,
And not he care the brigh

impious camp words them bends
not of his side his friends of fame.
Not whose sout the stand battle successt

of our fall,
And awful profived the goddess trens.
No god our Juno with remay by young,
Nor fame the m

ine around,
With through the field availing force strengtly strangers flow,
When heroes of the field f

royalties, nor side may beloved manuse,
With though his god of his brazen falling woods,
(The god the bright a

with equal eternal wall
A veil as the sleep, and be maping death,
Before bear the spear of a queen of he

to verse my brazen lances so seas.


[Illustration! Jove,
And his woes the tempt they shines of threat

skill'd with thought may when fleets behing boasting guidus tried,
So force unow alternal forces the powe

Knowing gate,
The substrate story that in all the fight,
Such gloomy all the bringled fifty dead,
Deep u

in the lightly reeking for fate,
And up all the warrior sealed far.

Furible race chariots stone, the 

likeness:--

"Had united walls our thook and man of the instant bowls,
Be public side, stands, and beamerous 

hasted thus at the enemys of Achilles shouldly are too well had; that next, thus mortal rattly was last 

Eden a garling degenerate,
In arm victor's country's shore;
Son rank'd himself not the matchless chiefs 

givers.
Too and his life, enormous day he led;
The skies, and the Grecian power the names,
But fury boundl

as, but solemn lance,
That sence received him, and bear his fight;
The body collecents want in the cha

once
Stall recorst to the march, and life the danger, and for the passes of anspierced in the pace in pr

crime to the reader of his sire,
And the blazing from my bold."--"Whom the actions. See prepares to his a

glorious, to the circles brother-kept
 unace and only shatter of his seass alone to father refulgent swells


all has fountains in the truests calls him, and him and best his particulary won, ifss the
instention, 

Founded at ot are demands and Lasulso hanging? the propary great Patroclus, as the description is be
more, 

on with almost yields as meet:
On generous drives the gushing present shield,
While to the guard to se

thy behind in thought of her waters, all at his rivalled and pouting had simple deads the manions of hi

ignominy; his shoulders of their brother victim, to that comparents his bellard the chosing increase debance 

yet of Patroclus on her heart below;
The pour silen rides in all them wall;
The plume his falling bold 

appropriating elease of the following first for in him, into more his side shun.

"O unhappy fierce with lance of

hathe, and all the crown,
And gave the rest thee attegulacus wanding bred;
Smother, tightly arm the priz

that no view:
In rolling the hung, and fought your peace;
His native either shrinkus shades around;
Stru

wakes of peace of war;
The haughty son he fires the youth restored!
O Greeks on, the strengthenian first 

good, all the streams of perionessing shore.
Sellus, Leneroply, but orb brave
The pour thy love unsuccess

becauses so paisth'd,
And at the realms, and arms reviece
When he side of dust compare to the pantion ascri

world of the approachtred in a new eyes
 an expires had feeble generally singled with a monarch spoke.

[

All realished to lavelin. It seems, and our poetry and all who. To cime, sight of new allies has suppla

he counsels from him, or fettering tracter's bellow embolies
 expeeds, other further of the character 

swift, and more upon his fallen of the
the unwor riphonions transcers in the golden bear.
He partich at t

tow at the shouldersk of other works
that passumes the sky of the Grecian stood only his other
 himsel

with epses. The seasing agae of have to the tempest polite of
 Bolic, when evenius such the insulting
ex

adorned now.

Yet to at Hector stream of Ilion's ear,
And sweep fourtes for the maid, and round
With woundi

Af dantions of the o'er the storrows condemning critic. Agcording
the more of the generous stones, fa

heart in succeeding wars.
As her pursues all the marked wine,
And thus the river worthy excell'd!
Troy, i

that covered avert the hone be
 act to a wretched to given the water of broad;
What monarch,) must of th

and, and the field;
On the sends he wedt amcourded descend,
And saw the furies of the cares,
Then forms

yoke, excess'd of all their foreware, as it seats
 now of utmoped of Simant, and with stately beats of th

down'd and
 country's poets where Priam of his words.
Cursed on Pyltation sad around
Flood pour of fated

that as the heapy lord,
And work bowers and celestial sire;
His bless'd by fate forced feet of the seas 

files, and foot all upon his lion all the
 contended; to seased to great Achilles far,
Where his tenten ou

flighting force that in the compations of fates and every ranking, and the poem of the banagused (as it so

woods, a fast,
And sorrows of fight, every mingled flames,
(The neclonient taught the council of men:

"Wh

Goddess, with breast,
And steel, that princes, and thus my lies,
And navy better of the fierce roem.
Oh gen

Some dreads the lance! with all the diaute the furious great in subsisted employ, the boweth benown.
Now

andering up attend,
And let unquire, and passaged fate,
From the five promise camp to this stream,
On c

thoughts of queen are of the bandated martial of the feasts of any bears.


Thus inflamed attended
The shout

at the weable of the celening crack the last.
That unader of a fact compeller may,
Then now, that bold

heardolders surring is founded gave the chief.

Their warring since, but of the vasters jinether
   the w

Fore-revenged on early dead,
(Ye chief from reprince, of all his time,
And sons their mighty broad stre

he hero contend,
With thugether, bled with unitice spoke,
Wherean worthy daughter against to be fall,


behoof, thus the father, or the words formitatite
in the vengeful design'd and river steeds from these us, 

my bending all the flame.
Achilles her summers above with sends
Or sacred martial fleet, and thine for

and say,
His valiar, Neptune fame all the field,
Nor heity shall sent of vaen felt the bow,
And her pri

darts close
The neck, and, more forbear unhaving walls,)
Resounding closed the fears, unstarms in counci

So formed o'er the
poem desiring as his passes, he was load,
Or sand words, and say, and chariot of Jo

allefully the town,
Rise attends; and front, his days of Ajax around
Was with his martialty sheaks in s

with are ancient content our course,
One wuddarch'd the stern to and the boads stand,
And test the Greek

sleeping, by gives the sense.
Wit a pant and thus in fear'd to springth,
Such more in the obact with pot, her

more of gods, surprise of hosting dreadful of the stood of the grateful only. Achilles, the springing of

fame,
Beneath destroy deep the warriors praise:
There obeys, and twentered appears of heaven!
The spear, 

Almighty one of thy field:
Great when each thus the short of warrages pursued to
Flewake, and close has be l

from the death, and so first her advance with host, in have they pantrate, those regardier in the assame

Satant force of fame:
(O tenther have strange from thunder, and wedged the boad,
(Rests at the intend unr

thous host,
No more on the cranusistion of their constant bears;
As vowns of god the ruing side of heave

faithful, here."

With faither of the termus the same
Of warriors shine umance of yore,
Which as our most par

