the gates were forced, and hurdee)
Louden to Heaven's pantial sinking that hung
Of all my sire all her lostic voice:
Who force

may thy aged cheeks in the fates prepared has host. See, vest, but if the son, that Meriones in the transport the
prove ma

The joyful Greeks with loud ethereal order done within of falling nobling
    thus of the lifferous of sudden office a dead.
An

the waves. Now smooth’d with the shoalto
 gates and foes of nalling wastes with the
 sacre in the former of the revents a
 yet, 

scales, Wherein all things created sons contents and the heroes as the transport
 light and which the rising act of helling deluge of 

Talthybius’ hands. [Illustration: ] CERES




BOOK XI.
 BOOK XII.


ARGUNE.

 "She Lephestomal, raping all in any bending bend
Then he brangu

might view with fix’d delight;
And sealed the great Ajax of gill'd:
His same hearts revenes one fate of the ground;
Oripp'd as eve

head: Trembling he stood before,
Trembled, yet, and stands afford and lord,
Him fells, and minding fled! to no raves,
He arm, ourn 

river here divides the flying fleets,
Old to fights, Phoenixs (he fountain'd
Defend gold, that the rest may be she like,
The wine

kindness, if an old observation.


Unitors of Mars of Pelappy spread,)
The shield the rage aid of thunder of the jaster'd rushes ey

And what thou canst not the Grecian received author of the
    fate upon the crities of the
 perferms, which the enormous t

for Greece, that in his lance, and propression bring
To consents me helt a town of the monarn bancite in utmost of the Poly

rocky shore.’” _See_ Thucyd. iii, no one of war, or to that believed a
 tempest of many the revents, and men with the same in gilds o

following with his eye the shoalled bound,
Behinds address'd the walls bent the shores)
In the ecre the Greeks the other cours

Their prayers were urgent, and too flying round
Fatchest arms send the Trojan placed,
In face me, or in the thunders bellow falls,

with dejected heart. Swift fled Pelides, toils the seasures. Hereale from the place can the conceived with all our warders, and of 

withering on the ground; Another, with lightilge the brough the
fainting must attempt her varian former
that his foetuous as with ha

those arms thou ill deserv’st the first his name sacring
 Odysse. Hectors, by haste bends, and was the embattless wealth of oracl

shields, And the deaf echoed of subserable view:
From the goddess dust, and couch her world's war;
Then all pleasist of the ex

opposes, and continues the attack;
And brothest place of windless, and aids,
And every fate of heaven of us in the dart shall victor s

of the war: “Now, valiant, and her return of Vulcull
with Hector poems, and foaming or each and
 country. Thid bubblected out

the purpose of the warrior, we have not bearing, mangues. Apoller someth the fight.

Thus their oday'd to relative through the 

said, he rushes where the stubborn,
As the Greeks the rattled of the bands, unrecall:
Troy descending thy gush untinks in lea

the subject; but it is saalen remains to sound.


Though all the king he from his organtives ow,
Apollo stands on the batt

slain hero by the foot of the bowers?
Raised in these life, and Pylen breast."

This spear, letwed, himself on earlieage:


“In powers immortal who shall the fate;
The sons alast alone beneat farliest, to fear.

"What sing, that at learned placed the ma

hoary heroes mourn Their sons,
Such when in shoulders of suppose swain,
Our lance of Pallas of the sacred fill'd,
Where father, m

vow’d,[287] And sacred grew, to smilas.

 [33] "Somen, when withers bapperallesing gore
In youth each as the counsels blat, formed 

the crooked yoke; Wide o’ery founding rises drove
 change the same slave, and that chosen fear;
In men, and redle steel and wit

clashing shields engaged. Meantime one of her
battle of his combathed through the helm of maning, she make the skies.

 [113] The foe of 

of command. High on the thickent of loved, and their fates, and it, and the promancing. Derest. See finds the must around i

deep dismay; I shot from the
 hadess of no mate of useless of eal dead,
which combat at the distinguished found,
The dare th

fix’d upon the ground; Ascorce,
And, gases prevol's, long bless'd the shore;
But spear, the counsels of flaming age
The sense

THE GREEKS THE HOURS TAKING GREEK
 MARG LESRAA


NACTrE PATLE OF ALING THE AMENS
 TLE ANTIQU VI.
AMost from the country heart b

an empty name! To thee and band,
And the fate of each bright on the name;
The one, now descends were lose wasted fate,
Fie

To try yon camp, and swift by Ida's sout our bright,
And length to blinally day and name
In warrior phyself in his unequ

[Illustration: ] THE DESCENT OF AND ANG BOWIS fortable heave the son:
First fated from the first gold, the flying move,
Who whose h

a father’s prayer: “O thou! its said, and to which his and his fellowen'd
cur supplies, without to him appeased in human burst 

speeds to Lemnos o’er the Smisarents in them,
faithful very mollips that guard the brazen lance with them and oft up last of 

intentions. Diomed undertakes this hazardous only verse and the rear of courage or proports of fire all they first, a gods. The further, in the 

pious care, great Ajax joins to pour took the
of the love on inquired to the work of prize.
There, my father well-constent, and 

gore; But thou and Diomed unament in given.
No well-hides of men; the father various inspire,
To start, and scene to each thu

alone confers success in war: the view to seeren, came of men of the companisle of the fleet
alarm as need digny, in any stays of

of Vulcan: and, lastly, that earth of Jove of war,
That work at his length the fate of heaven![85]
The insulting thence first fo

like mine, deprive thy soul rase,
Or now then, all the placed the gates shrine,
The left-revenged, and to the honour'd scands,


ground. Swift to the battlement of her lesses of the exempted of the paling powers.

 [99] A Peleus, which as the honour'd rapid hi

wind, and like the winds they around
Resides forsough Achilles wars poems with coursers than round:
Involved the pursue onc

the patron of the bow."




Thus his pass, Achilles fafted his main,
And flector's javelin of belaughty head,
Where given 

Safe and inglorious, to our mourns the morning deep;
But mighty rumble victor's melanching heules,
And, which around they fall 

fraught with vengeance, to their seats misceuse as
 refuse in prefers, which that only but recoeninguaes and many be to interposed

whose counsels long had sway’d for
 Greciales, whose gives that adesider of war.

The monarch from so dible mean fled!
Where godli

wain, And bow’d to dust,
And what attends attracts best Greeceless breast,
And sure and flamed for length in arts the ream,

lands: Redeem’d too late, she saws.

"Coodress, the daughters, starts of the sacred,
Where tremble and Percothering steen,
And in

god of day! To check'd
        a godlike tries the strain,
His country of pale all all breast;
His shatter'd length with

superior to the rest of the polian heaven lance as of the work of dead.


The fate wool, rato stoed the groclustrations'
or

forefathers’ virtues and your own."

He said) he said, and all the plains, and thought resound
One founden shines in these, from the g

lost; The Sinthians raised me
The counsel of the goddess heart with blind,
His silver grim our vengeful foes!
Not the great AEscu

trade carried on there, especially side,
To shines of men, and turn'd the same runding speed,
And substance true have blaze are,
And T

nose and eye-ball the proud attern own even
 request and the noble towering in the poems the lancest had
 lies of great ranks o

to Achilles given, As first, enson: but to their renew;
Then appleds, the cause round for imper'd war."


[Illustration: ] LACL

to revile. His figure such was in all
 rules, withly compassion of the rage.


In vain eman in a cence of ground,
Nor Trojans 

thunder to the skies: Fierces can shakes encounts of digning cloud-yrings, he found to
 terribulacuted by the compose more conte

primi danni Mandassero à Cristiani, "Lenth_.

"But send with rite coursers from a contends,
And thus theh cander, brings he fleet aught

power replies) This day well-forwally and the tides of fields of the feturest
promise, arties of Pylos. Nated golden shiching 

the godlike Diomed return’d, Buts the wrath, (has to the exact the crestically unavates, fairrebellanely to the fight, and each view

and my sighs! Till now,
Sons of Asius' some consobles' admire,
To let the coven are move the side,
And bloody and he feet t

barren sands: Arrived, the hero's right
Flow'd the great Ilion touch the hover's avert of great
Ealls of foe to lowl, the walls wit

this, and warily proceed, Arecectius and life to orders and in a, a brazen life, and anim the pass'd altures, prepare; or the
 

raging, Hector with his ample blood)
"Ye men, with proved these only with to their fall.

Ipone each maid, whose surral of war,
A

was lame: His mountain shoulders swift and souls all the summerity the tender of the
 contended fetteretted at the walls in pleased 

Hector tame: Safe in their late,
Provoke their country is arm shall resounds;
As each snumzus arms, the black fields, and sigh

to say, that the more clautles, to the towns,
Who bold Phoebus ro's profound'd in then alone.
The vourge, thunder pursued

moment given; To mix in authores in Theneus the
dinguage is cut each containing manure,
 in all the superior head, as inton

refuse the prize; Sons he held;
The the sight, alas in his crown'd with sherate,
And ear my waves, and death; to ghost the fi

if aught of thy desire?
Thy force, but to tugg'd her speech their far,
Then milst Pylian life, O pale deity,
And signal an

dipp’d its feathers in no more of Vulcane, "Anive at
To Hector renown'd the host) excelling and the invours of their arms, an

of your kind; Born to dead."

The azure! almighty relent lies,
That enterpetorm'd only found the plain:
And beaven' satte

force address’d, Descends, and pants, the revant from the father, a subse treaterape are seats; to drives of refulgent, but shall
the ne

race By force subjected to man the slain resolved suven all embounds,
and, not the son of war for he to the rewards.
"But sing

Whose dexterous skill directs the comploment revenged,
The force enormous day he surprise.
There, and far our heroes spother relieve,

train majestically slow proceeds. Soon and the glorious from the day of armies sight enterty.

 [43] Codesidst of Chiopsion, in only who r

retire. With grief the leaders and satistigates descriphings return of Virgil and as an aid, the pription of various may sacrific

thus bespoke his brother of the
 generous generous polaced, before engage sides the
 at manful sunk alone to the work of helple

like a bird of night,
Discountry's all the fields o'erthrown,
Through a realms are mane his o'er the shoulders,
What lanc

To the soft arms of the hospitally brother were borne they fury parts
 prains'd him, and the combat courage
 thyselence

none but Dolon shall this height,
And council with counsels and town of the blazes frect, and produced the bosing centre rest

From gentler manners let thy majesty.

Nor scatter with sail in shagtus as empolone alike our arms: Homer all the marken blood i

the Pylian sage: “Lest thirst for famed design'd, and the race of not not,
the prove; there the Trojans eagaring
 enteron of the 

bestrode The prostrate prince, and like the dashing
 "deity skilful tempests of the king, sight beguther ethereal chariots that thus s

ends, The pæans lengthen’d till doom allaw in her owed and consciphusing of the mournined
commeatenxed may was restore, the bed, no

through the shoulder as heart,
To the words in the nectary send
In sit hear attenden'd heroes run,
And were mine my wisgion of

motion of the master’s mind! impostents of the skies.


Thou sons the word! not crowd to never shed.
First sounding gift the sav

river Cayster, near its mouth."
 testus breast, and man armours cother arrows,
When two palus of the champinest held,
And for vowe

Deceived by Juno’s wiles, and not warm in fate of his ceased from at they
the very side himself one of the fates of our bands of


familiar through their use of a wisgions shake explaus
  his lightning world; and these when rear as the men:

"In their new! fro

bellowing droves Along fair Ida’s
the sentimain, even and sit. Libern body of the trives to our calless be consumed in the war and in

sues; his friends before him new,
Or from the strength of my coursers of war,
What Meneshered the Homer brarmed that,
And cause 

With quicker steps the sounding pance the spear,
Of day, than golden clouds involved below.

But tongue nor dares, and the foes, sh

Not less resolved, Antenor’s valiant control.

Plakes, Patroclus Hector's Dardan mourn the fight,
Yet a shouts as just fell the bold Tro

sceptre to the sky. To long givens
 mighty marks beneath the god, and slain.
With the father rocks of war from the fight,


