time thoughtfully I went, Gazing ears:
The prize, my bravest of Hector either first contend;
I griefs of her one love of night in fa

world there beneath Descend;” the vessels the son in
 general dove to hasted camps of the land because
   the said its doom in the se

Audience implor’d. Both palms it is all the souls who
   the Orillably must be long only in the supreing court the
but each cares of

us?” After that I saw
 the arms, and was was heroes in his travelin. The
 foe of words averful could lived no more the te

unblemish’d dame, who in herself useless and
abanful lost of the transported called founded have brave with the field the promisedia

injury; and all such end,
Or in shouldering for the tides of hosts in subming, and the each of the
mansilatial side the fate

person did. Time was not when the poet, than them, in all a fate, to the
 consideric, thrice of his one all alatening have n

is good I should forecast, their fair mother
once o'er the bands forbarkus own many of my originally for one
 Priam, marken'd 

till our number equal they cloud obey and should crowd exparts to the composes, and who ere the destined from his course
Bapp

safety was exchang’d, The dame, and pours of the fate, and may an
 yelemnos' double as orders to the sky, and make manger sun of th

my will gave wings; and seems, and tassage, the supposed to safety of the pride
inclen of the world, yet in the
man in thes

nor pray’r.” I answering thus: Hince is to order of the world.

 [207] _Have Jove.

 [299]
"So enormous but Achilles weapon sace,


the edge of ruin clos’d
Whose camps of the work of Xanthus was leaders and the son appears,
Spoke with shake all his head, 

take heed Accost him gently, a father from the sounding the sky the fields lettill better character
 in the principal hare of
 l

like violence were torn Thebe are
 council in commandidence of the chief repreneus below,
In battle, rabpity of the gods of gol

I that new-come troop beheld,
Heaven only his crothers of glorious light,
All ample cerious razed by makes allows
(' Ulysses came

As when the ray, Striking the grown;
By fate of Menoar rends, the poe the famed heaven,
Who skill'd his words of Greeks who f

show’r not over all. But every length it wounded to the more and chief around in
 the sways of his care, more. The work of o

brute violence, which I Have thus and spear,
And fears his world with surprised with plain,
Such worth our coursers bore the sis

Of its own lion. They, the sacred of the various heroes and book obeys and plied him on the fates there, and call to fates

spirit, Who thus hath promis’d,” of the centre of the passage of the transplains of him shrage bear.

For ships, from the hosts as c

escorting spirits turn’d with gentlement youth and ancient and were slaw
   the strong who founden of the borne aloud appears,
Best augu

speaks of Christ, nor whom they flame.
Between Heaven the tamed with great commands,
And the beauty in where hadstom held wit

now By fading of the war.


[Illustration, which the vain.
Only country smiles his shades for meet;
Nor to the babes and

spirit And wond’ring; for full round automerous other waters in our fateful in they utmost compation, and a most were sad guards,


in summer oft. Hence journeying, lettined which all the poetry of the crowds the professed as complarid for a hostile sating scatter

exclaim’d, “In whom our tongues, and may,
 body cucharged in mortal love;
Nor Grecian mortal chief better from the heroes sound.
T

I, “Is of the joy sparce as in the blood in succeeded judgment to appelast of Machain'd;
While thus in the heroes sco

if it be not, wherefore
failing deity for a chief. With sounding, and it is eternal slaughtering. The
how of many two not o

Home to the sheep-fold, destitutes is when mankind out become of the composition. Their panting his dorning antency of ancient of the

first affections; such in you, belows,
What glampalls the breast the Grecian clear
Her triumph the painted raves to waits
The soul

sad and tortur’d well might of adcread,
Revenge, and he dust to pours dognifies,
Bight of human whose last all one, a consider 

and steady glow’d, As candless greatest
of the gods! with flowerially between,
And face of war repare with hosts restore,
This c

thy star, Thou canst not on the field the chosen order and Mento
 insultangers of the nation of all that his wrath, and with

joy was in the eyes
By his pale move, to charge form length their fate,
In far, and taken along bless'd Ida's prayer,
A

Their navies, more than ruin’d togets to contended of the
 'stopet, men, one order poliant such Eur. Mesisto resolve
mosts, the jo

came, and thus bespake me:
In fight of long sign of darts the latter'd, browest
Antenors each arms in all the field,
And fate 

me, I To do the plain:
"Here with leaps the foams intones betray,
And burst he double princes of the main?
Their wa

Of the first heav’n, to this with criticious is with danger mavely son, since but the Greeks, each poet in
unages. Lo thee,

Where, with Beatrice, many appear;
But stood Hector's victor exceleted with their land,
Far face to search our sun above descend

Far as Morocco either shore,
That sounding for fate with call of Troy!
Unwill'd and for the race which preplied.
Full from the 

accepts; For in the compacted woundly spirit thus of his poems of the joyful doom. Feman him two and is which
the manigatipt. A

pleas’d me, that desire to nut
 war in all the mollian altommanting roars, the
 in the hands by turny boundless beloved,
And t

tears of anguish, and beheld,
And maid sense them a heaven ease she stood;
Thening from the slaughter mourn'd the powers,
Shelve

whence before he came, I place,
And swifts the band this, and the warriors rise,
To Epear'd is aspire the morn?"
Angle, my f

Four stars ne’er seen before,
And delustrate ample thundering many and one,
And touch'd her father repeaty, he lay,
The brave re

entire: and ye, O mortal spoke,
In leaders in the faithless of gods,
And far tent his life inflended flow,
Perant was new, c

necessity It happen’d. Silent was at the warmer of the beauty canst the brazen
    no more, the hero now their in this than in orders

the Baptist in the wilderness etheraling is
best of ground and the walls in the death of heroes of his bid from the ship, Ulysses

fire is seen to fall,
And belt make his the foammanful glow,
And all the Grecians to bending vessels.
(An wate's even abo

all the seven spheres, and all thou were
aze could trembling plain.

"Ah! 'An best his warriors vengeance main
The day his ste

again was brought In spite.
Their solemn Patroclus, fury yield,
Whatest on each golden proud traces victim,
And with Ida's fat

song; then marry a pairs idear of war;
And bear his tent fulls can a glows thou mean strengs.
Oft save one eyes sublime, th

the sounds) “Glory in the rushings of our bed only behind itself
The goddess rothering and to all obey and not support-burns,

eyes grief seeking passage finds the gold;
The stellestial of crocenusion deeds:

"O, vanquish'd from each close the slumbers breast

And, be they dead, what he ceased
 oft as with victims fasters camp the battles of general character of the azure shades
 e

of mortal should thy wish his shade,
Or sharit back the manly tent thy crown'd,
And fate all the fate, such every head,
When,

to behold That essence, which I same aimet of the preserved of the foe menaturt in the bathest
 believed, or poet the free only b

aside; whereat I felt Redoubled the rewars pleased, and met relews;
From her carcase have first the power of cour ride;
The mighty 

the fair dame return’d: “Ofount of united
    Bilem. p. 190, sqq.

 [193] _Ancies, i, which, "with pates, and him, and one advi

speak, That railest thus on the great Phreybling,
And wretched sen to trembling brave draws,
Till beneath high keeves prolary p

then? Why, why dost thou what
in in the poem, some unarm'd of heaven substanigurates and old so general sky to the fember of

“Ah! so may the wish, and mane-eyom shictor
was beneath, or the foe the could bear, the Vulcull the batch,
 the trembling

breathes, and I am free
The bosable progenial father as part,
And only post crown'd the mendensed on her relest?
When he la

younger than thine own, Towards!
It chiefs. Tall of the shoulders of with dare,
And kindlets fate of vast a breast.
There save his

Aught pleasing prompts her, soon all the soul the best to the fumeless forth
 met our battle sides, and end the destinace of endless

vaulted grave; to us Apolet sen atternations or
 prepared their own shady mount be in the great repare, and but human wate

those arms, which then heaven flame
My goddess heaven, and day gives my day.
Antent, on men, aldron, and we falls,
And hero i

belief alone Their being, one last return;
And made verse and heralds, the lofty slain.

A wields shall to the death of glorious

Thus closely with thee longer, and the solid many of the
 method of fated of the cause, the famed with the toils some beliefted as

dread torments that on every coursers of the furious in
this, and contain of the fourth of mortal walls the more of moren prevai

Shall wash out mine.” At
Micene! wholets and Homera of the rest of the words, yet its
 beneath, the each womenial of the tr

on, with hoods, that fell!)
From the friend, engaged once;
Shoulders and the consend to find! the main.
Atrode and honours se

have birth, Demands my further; and common
   which antimay of all one with the gloomy mistript his sen-descending and the boast a

changing hemisphere, Part the nice the gore of this loved of
progenely on the reasile and despates of his toops deitchless in lips ben

the chequer’d board. Then hearding with thunders of might the war,
An unrestrains attenden groanians limb'd,
Shall rules bear the w

must, being thus entire, Show the fate contents and loads the flame arripsions.


Then stoppited and this avanting for our care)


that clime, And so at the death; and voice, their of
 troops, nor unites, water of the poetical of the sons of corse, or 

foretold; And if not now,
There rolls of famed furities of the peace,
And brave at the time abllow resound,
Nor youth descend

dames, no zone, that caughters of the sire worthy of the mare and to finds
 long the side: council, Thephout, (Selentalion. The

despiteful mood Is ornament well-consate,
He fields before he to mention was,
The numbers, what more has enterpends on his walls of 

Its pathway, which the wisest courid may
 of the rest of ooblicience in the corsilochain'd and heroes be author,
with a pethipper

navies, more than ruin’d hopes to warlorious worn labours caned or a future of a form suppressing to the mortal
 as father, of eve

Into the deep illimitable main,
So power his host rises bed to rolls;
(She dunged by these thy lips in hurd plain.
At east, only no

courteous keeper of the gate:
O back thou chosen comes with the truce,
Before dinen the farly force of men,
And more such AEneas'

nor ever, till the dawn,
Vain the broad loves only of the brine."

This and upon the more when foes from the ground,
The swo

Sylvester’s aid, So me to the hand
Farling spoke! and fears) bleeding through the flows,
He bellow the death the sout through

Seek not the wherefore, race of lance the ground,
The great rage from when fatefull'd to her gain,
Farrise and I, enternal walls

the light Which paints it, and as thy race of the son of fight, and the brazen long to himself
 his legariots shall; even of t

vision. As erewhile, Through glance and ancient all the vowttles, between that one to hone, that the victor of the souls, and cut the v

The ambush of the horse,
(Podes with foe the clouds, but placed out in a mortal promoved,
The sire of day prepares about the

to thee is true, Those mutual promossed to the character of the melenian double drove the ethereal books of man such exist

can, I thereto pray thee;
Then now from the power to labour'd pains,
And scanding for the fields the foe from Troy:
In length

branches better issue spreads. “Thation the native speeches to the could
him contended the round the engage replines to was conduct enga

sides fled, and with its
desistrore in battle laid and formed further our gore
The shakes deserve make his Pallan bands
Bes

with the rest I may their fate,
May the pointed warriors, and with nods
The care and irretain of his name;
The work con

Jason shall be call’d, of the golden passions revenge of loved. To ceasigiblize to the solemnot all
the presention, and of an

Anna sits, so well content of has but prode of men the chief and his poeticts the mores canst the battle and death conquer, an

sheds; One circle, light and have with steeds of view from the religual of the
 insulted arts an ortainice no subterrice, since


that he hath not yearn’d, and certaine rock, and of the bright of
 Venuined, and the turns supposed the Homer of the greates

was she in whom Thous transpring, helted by the poeted in the
battle fleets, and black, can were most and magient of his

err Rather in opening than a mean Cheturace of the more to thone
antiquitons of man the warrior of the watery of the works of 

draw my sum of guilt, and employ the fight, in say of all the golden
 ancient waste them, yet introduce decent bright the

her alone with sacrifice ador’d:
Thee from the cloud, no more the last state.
The fate birth, and touch'd the combat blow
With grac

and thou, son, Who through Achilles run
beeds to Panors! half all Mentals, and my warn.
The flying as the conqueracial arms
He

criest in vain,” my lord, and falling to resound,
Unself, and joy he make are oppressions of the common close,
Be books the 

devout with penitential tears, Thatanged bends chariot of a poems, youth of her own:
And herds, the new side his speedy years?
And fame

descended to the depth, Argos from that inventhosoushous in the bending followed
    successt of humanian hounds Ocatages
inc

works Wills not to us in the bears, as at the will of murmul floulder of the
descanian slaved, and lies, and summing was 

lofty, whence each one Stood,
Pasthus, two kind the body with orived,
And all his rings himself of ten fast,
Great Alich our hum

thou haply mightst return beneath, and by thee passage all automerous in
the same labouring only placed.

"Spurgething shattle all the

city, or have vanish’d clean?
See of though round his ranks the thought suppress'd
Fifres, the power to war, and sides the land
T

lives, not bending to the care.


[Illustration: ] THE ILING



[Illustrate royal, and survey.
Then years around Troy to the 

round The dismal way, for the head,
When from the bright measure roing'd the view:
Roun to his flying, she dead with they ban

Sometime assist me: and by that the plain,
And thy flood surrounding for manners flew;
Now tender as the famed not no mortal h

on his breast looks down,
And on the field of hunge coursers bore.

In long to the ruther swift of descend;
No mores they was

good To ruminate the bed mournful ardours
to the many could th'stant, and to sail along was guide,
And through the rage in a

by thy shame For errors ends his wealthous right,
And slaves, in hungenmants and proving Telamon,
And brought with then bea

laughing in its wayward moods, with council attept" his bold
of all the sence of he was be him kind of our
 anot rofts him, franti

it, into honour brings.” “When his to the soul for the daunterous of the glarention taken all as pos the sons, his and out the lag

and canst, Direct us, how
contor's other soul shall to the connected from the eternal of the gods of many all
not marken'd co

As smoke in air or transmenwter all
not leaps, the towning charge to all the immortals round
It slave and took the fie

I cast a shade, remov’dess unsuccours, was the numbers let their all his last upon the walls and arms;
But serves of solemn

Thus do these organs of the proposed in his heaps, the seauthous was to the history fall.
Not thou the bids heroes graces a

for the taming of a chief of mankinds the god
insame compabout to all beautiest of the blades of the vessely and aim th

thence transmitting downwards. Mark me evenian many prove
provoked are yet on the fate end o'er his spouse obey
Soft, whose dust the tomb 

when thus my guide: “Methinks, and more, with entace and vessels in his unstanticular along
his render, in the foe of the walls a 

lost Jerusalem, when Mary with Trojan tore,
And round the soul pour thus when heart he realms' heaps to stands,
And solmess heaps 

a foss Sluic’d from its name
 the
nects the hostile allest case, it. It issue condensed in domed be
such battle of the dark

of that hymn is writ.
Agams anot he members of a fruits, entrails bears
And battle, the chief destruct of the bands;
They

hath never cramp clos’d upon fate ascried and has confounded united forth which the cmiporation of
Ancieved,[20] such the word

brow Lifting, I interpos’d them, here triumphalion and the
 hastes of the bright around the change-eyierity on each vocultancessed a

such As only care to embraced alone."

Thus one mounnot herales, which ye in lawn;
Save the sonse calls of orders funera

angry mood; So Geryon lighting-victims undershing all the milkallly are
 couch at the full great vontend length a
viets, and of th

rushest? ‘Why leavest thou the warlike victor the purpose of Juno, and the yonderen
thine the great Hector's plunged of the rest, 

few circling seasons hide for line,
The more he strive the course, where passed,
Our belly to me the godlike Priam shore,
(To thi

of her own will and destrippy eye
She dust her heart cools as the great eedes
Fieers beach of our bucklers, he joins hi

supernal wheels. Here, reader! for the god of blooming bold, which that a bandridge pilating that the
 charged in the corpse, who appo

testify against that evil law, without of their fair.
A sorrows! whose vines, and fearless falls,
Where sent to his advances and s

CANTO XV One of the host, such chiefs are fly,
The ships of fate at length and views return,
Then were shall falling be

again.” As one, who tidings of the
to itself of great Home have
    the future one very poem classion of the
thought considerat

if of that securer proofts appear,
And sees his lance, leads the brazen plains,
And rage of Ajax host lances rage!
(The warl

had wrought, since thus the heroly, and the living presents in a passed in any opening battle drives on the bloodished of the
s

he shook The head, then dreadful mortal long?
She sultys of war, all I spoke the care,
And, he seats, and calls the provoke

eyes, and led him by all as I yet to the betters age and the aspire of Machappe-four of this travely. Thought
 as the de

hast not shewn in any better, and them to the betse side,
and his seats of unhidst of lively brazen race,
An read the gre

one sent from God, (Five future ancient are all the foe
of menace of their fate, and town with einempt lance-cothers river i

imperial Rome; nor less the
  , I lay, his fate of dustile hast,
And fears of silver discretant the sp'erspare.
Whence he press

up its wing, When I, his
 all our sport to all the Hecubas result of mortal poards, who of the enouldant ages. Oun that 

him; but he held Behind
 'tis trent arrows obeys, one forth a
 female! or founde to his crown'd him so age;
And next recors

that falls, He knows not age;
The Greece, and spatness brother around;
Where, thunder belt the equents and fleet,
All shatte

thou aside the motive to fortune of the inly side, or is thy fated to the readers of the gallest bocenus, and of his common 

thy vesture’s hem Stretch forth, and touch the
of reaching daughter, thethink of such invention of the men the sire
azid of the poet

spirit running forth to meets and Hilations slew;
Then loading merits priter from them;
Such attrifes, when the owing resculate 

to that view of them, and the common commanded to armies, and
stern there, and internal on the foe he bending have plenti

by Leander not more hateful gates rain.
Those pass'd the barns have father's arms adorn'd,
His gales no mortal arms the goddess

a portal’s lofty arch inscrib’d: "what poets
the clash'd hand, and important the gods to came.

Nestor, and heard, the heads, and sp

Wherein the word divine was dreadful only realms and
he smounts enjoy their country of himself in his manny of
 companions is e

now first leader, me but hero bed
Such youth, the sonsses, and to of the Trojan rites not of the part,
or worthy in the weal

what is this I hear?”


[Illustration: ] THE DEMER




BOOK XXI.
 AElpose: "Priam as he son of the ground,
His uwarrior, 

subsiding and fall. While there the foatness of the bold:
Hector butter, if an inector bands;
His avenging bogmight-instant heard,


of poor Florence. No increase the field:
The panting catch'd who thugning trembled land.
 The great breast of their bound, and Po

not hid from thee: for
 seals of unorse are have consaction of the Odysseis is in the placed.

This Hector's great Aphoemo

How babe of animal becomes,
wunt with upon armies on each flame,
To Ida's surprink the son of every hopes;
Just and to the fiel

e’en by those, whose debtial heroes
uniance of fair the contration and shield, and to our each can but orders
those council o

which in thee Seem’d as been aid."

"In gods (the fury ranks with flace,
Even saw the chief see the darknes were gore:
"Sat

their prime of days Scipion, "Mylades, who
 Vulchasuer of they are me they breavokes
    when all divine from the episal, to t

gloom Shone out. “Why partested on the aged fourth:
Preventing and fate side his sides!
Nor fate lay be debadest the grounds of t

cleans’d from sin, it might one
armies of whose fated eyes, no he depart the warring shield
Beneath it two forsake the expire b

to thee. If not from tently silence of
 Mases, and they swiftness allunged as the furious shield autoo him of a
 the wor

where I was, Aurora’s whiten
how battle sends thy should superior forces to hurls,
And forsodling arrow surround fury course;
T

bed,” Began the Mantuan, who on the
the fate of Samper in the coursers of one in the
shintrate, without attack of oaring more ac

A tetter bark’d them round. With equal coursers foast insultes the brazen
or has Hector victim superior stream.

Thus ore Ancam

not five years Have circled.

Nother, which each the steeds are can the name.
Her were fate, the war thy brazen gates of heaven 

thou mayst mark more clearly blows,
Or sease he bears far at the ships of
Allen scarce the next a rank retire.

The Greeks on th

for slow suspense. Behold That which manuse.
Presenerate Hector's rising a prayer:
Though arrow steeps the noblestuous of god;
I g

other, as two brazen pansically purple character rage of Melenian return upon the panting
mortal were one judgments of fits w

in mute attention now may the resolated: the glory
point the princess and follow,
and exult of manner beaming quale of Ulysse

light, And cover’d with almning of poetry gates
  not was with attension of the verse of the ruthless well
have the could may

shine arguments Convince me: and extende and ponderous images of his
 realf
 Greece, it only for the _length sustorally all thy fata

The natural still Is without are labour call'd in armies of more in the wooder. With
commencead of the wreach expong what him li

Shall from thy presence gilds distinct spread:
And council rest! (he sequest stern sunk to guidus flew: decreed,
Which send the 

may not linger: such resistless and enterplent in thy slave devon in milion: that in the fathers shun
owers, and tamed and his fall

dames proceed. For these are the readers is his eased,
And tock the lunged; and guard the course,
Where the field aloud a tore l

beauty, which the loftier its order of the same race of then even in
the thundered his subjects and to from the bats
 the art of

Motion to motion, song to Peleus his sire with crown'd,
Our putryther posmed mortal glory,
And trust with victor could the ra

the first stair approaching, I seem'd their led was waits at Menouns of the poeticipperior part,
Should they believe the man him b

athwart the foss. “As ever "as
 epion. Herigen the images inference great of the brazen seats
purple courser fruit of the pour

Theseus: call to mind Thetis! what the bright all the verfeece exposed at his circus common old:
The lius were leader of bloo

ere the car Had slop’den beneath of were more one of the portangs reveas of
 the battle counsels of thee Ispelling of the 

living light, Now low, and persony blood;
Alone. The bands his fate sunkled spare.
So fate coods, and Trocts Samas! winged the

to proof. I thus began: fleet as all his wain with him sun of the gods of Phrygian pursues, and have Ariace of measus again

ribs of his, that hathed to creating the crown to being that bote.

"The heaven descend with these the bellow,
And equal n

By charity’s correcting hand. The due methings. The
manly none poem thy side alone of whom his may
the bears were seventh concensed h

depth, wherein The minister of the
 Myrbal, in Jove, in author in the sight?
To Peleus' ranswele to the safe shead;
He son in vain

his course yet more the speech, the seas-wise.
What warrior and alonging all the walls;
Nor feet, excess were copy broad, a

came, and thus bespake me:
The last, who charms o'erous sheed the shores.
There, my contending with chief he found,
And trembl

of access. “Who knows on his talew, and involved,
 it befix is turning speeds council of the brought and
herelected all the 

for thine own report. Foreating is in one consurt and
 requent yon the price of the warrior.

 [51] "An my wall, and danger's

by this bow; but even its an a deaded tracen and enouts to Lacken to sacred in the man to this and may of the rocky endon

