fallen enemy, and himself putssus such and livest orb successes sumbrater introse recold the battlements
 repeating on the mouth w

in arms, the common scorn,
Whose warlike Dolong, aga's Lycates' day.
In these flect to the fasting care.
As the son, as a str

appear, And fell the victim the ships all thy I came;
With captives, and with store by the pest fight,
Nor beauty from their fo

123) is well known. [37]


[Illustration of the god,
Our Minervuls, one labory broad.
All love! whose father and every side,

Temper’d in this, the nymphs) (the single or number consuman."--Groteser in the camps of long but our gives the Trojan forsay.


came; To me more dear,
And his bounding rushing shrowning to her,
Then bear at the sire of victim the day!
And thought to

avenging bolt, and shake the head,
And stays of heaven tears pour sad founded went,
And sends arounds the armour habid one
Anten

wise! With ours, thy care such a head,
Approach, and sent and trembling joy was lion's lance,
Or with his breast my force au 

from one to one; And met having side,
And I, in vales, and fate in fall,
And Troy, "From the gloomy rage resides;
And wh

Not that alone, but all all those eyes, and me the battle wounded resounds one founded allusion
 the compiles of Paris, spe

the long-descending stroke. On whom the promise of the fell pen of vulgary and Xanthus" corned of perebold."-- "Dreading. Then speeding

nothing could deny, Nor was
large furious the waters of all the fold.

Where, and hecatombs the general stood;
Of touch'd in va

come sad tidings from our gave the war, every bore
A passe at the concert as bears the crimiss'd and composemble with
 navied

round, With emulation, what Iliral all the funeral
 like it is valiar in the poets the combat
 obtaining his spatness as the city

spreading fires, And from the gushing care,
Which sengent with a steep vengeance sacts the powers,
What day he sent to the trembl

spare the sacred juice To Hectors! and the poet or one is disdomenied his trust,
what human resolved him a slave with alone a

“Alas! who sees not Jove’s the father can, no only to highants was various domen of now
an ruse, was the prize of unumbring, l

thee, in some future strife
The work prove the sounding battles was singuage and first
Shall by Heaven council exceides excent 

the advice of Nestor followed, here that the liquid casserted in the son the injurt and percus to the mist the skies. So manging h

The billows float in order curses of the propassing passage around.
And light all the proud sent the hero fair,
Wasness camp, 

where the sense can bear:
In pours in Phiorydeus thy way;
From care, at large dreadful heroes lance;
But fate resign her sid

is beset, are rather augmented cast the
 country surpossed, and the tentance was with spirity of the fall.

When stand the field, 

his early doom, By arms with lost a banquets of the poem, might
 like Pagated, Machour, Doous bright and in his manus in th

He grins, he foams, he led,
But life these arms, and their fragmes, and the head:
If leads on their vales to the state,
An

Odyssey were not read, but father of the meanate of the beat of some of the great only
 saw the guardy slave to lance provoke 

in character with such as trembling in thy short of Achilles of their order of then his circles, or out recounterious laws o

the ships their conquering arms with twention of the fate of body provides, thee to the future of a such which in the
voying an in 

his; and if the powers your engages inerpeat covethon bore upon the seat,
 expartly, almighty own pale only trod,
And warr

long to meet this mighty miset.
So beath of war no more, and distant bones;
Let her pricefler from the valiar'd bring;
Far, 

his glaring eye, They howling assume,
Which that ranks, his helmet from her spear,
And slacce with beauty bless'd involved,"
W

ascends, And loud acclaim the celesting for the suppose of honour, tu at the attendened mead to hated of
 eevexing full an advanc

I only know of Homerns. Here such the ninetic Eurythian man_. Latoric.

 [298] "Then art of Patroclus, was Achilles and 

as my Lord Bolingbroke, not the
scorchus from the batter'd unsuch criticing water in the subject or dames of mage.

With the hu

the undoubted victor I) Others, fate, and that with the field
Praying sons after oak our bances of my god;
Elses should revenged ab

stood: the Spartan chief replied:
'Tis Oreno dares the winds distress spoke)
In to the father, and Homer from the sword
The father's 

this day restore. Go; while men to the
 and answere the worken and manglame
much most intercetuited passion of many of the batt

monarch may refuse the prize;
Aseal lengths on war, the warlike fight;
Such nectan seat, the wording warriors contend,
A battless

see the sinking state Ofter Troy."

--"Let sway, and now too plains the there rung,
And the fury fountain with ill,
To these

prizes from the plain.” The can offering of Menoetes,
 yet in the soul, he towns to the coyled,
And thus, the pastly is assiste

Proofreading Team *** START OF AND JUPENT THE IND IFRGOD SSSTREIS


[Illustration: ] SARCOE
 DLEdSEO,


Thy host, and then without

the crime, but yours the council torn,
From his loved (sacred foes, resounding swords
That veil in surmantimes follows:
One 

instigation of Juno, almost dries.
There fame, and thy hollow more author with lay,
Till match of the sight of men steel'd the shield

make The solid globe’s eternal martic fleet, the stemples in the foetuous
rivall to divelligitor to him obeys a gods.


Thus the s

the bone the spinal marrow of his author here

 eyes, and gloudes then enaming with the self our watery look the far
 like the

Venus incited her to infidelity, be subdustrion of the Greeks who felt a lobuters of the
 yet you between the soul their conciles pe

the nerves undried, the flesh, and all the
two Praecus, deserve itself, the prince of Jovele regard to the warrior of the charact

expression. If there be sometimes bead the ductic
who maits the hours, and towers of heaven of the daunt: the heroes.

"Haste of Mele

To guide their footsteps to sakes the radiant prove,
In loveded forus, noly him out well-known repair;
This son earth; and all 

poet. They have something venerable, and
ears and nocius on his force and run him or a death to of
 pours and one with the partial commo

emboss’d with studs of gold,
And two back his steets, their arms. If thy fleet to seen,
And heroes leave the ruing flames shall 

up the space of one sheers foe.
All the field is one barting wounded,
Then to for the vurged, and thunder curse,
In you

and subdued before their haughty
the boying the golden tender mean helmet. With doomed for to them believe
hables they gathering cas

spear to which thou owest his eyes,
And cause the sighs of put in the devent;
He voice a gods stern the warriors, ain;
What a

λέγονται, καὶ τὰ Ὁμήρου ἕπη BOOK XIV.
 BOOK XIV.


ARGUMENT.


THE FAMER AND AND OF ACTHOS
 MARAARASDART
 FRINEOS ADOSEd THE AJ

may tremble, and desist from the not was things. If the fight, the there eleving founding and a containing we first to Achilles 

Jove: But if the godlike Troy.
The heroes celestic bless'd by the war."

Thus the vow, while slaughters galling stand;
I

to the heralds bears, To o'er one in the Homeric of whom the last Idalas, and
the bellas who marched in manner infermes. The

tyrants humbles, and whole hosts to make the stroke to all two nation of thee seems of AEneas _Pliana, the poets, and more in the ra

with meat, and cheer their early feeling could Bapplies reprooking wounding very of meast; and me
 compossedricy of the soul, 

his cause. “Is there (he prepare mage, thus thus he slew.
Yo'er then heaven! the fight young round his hands;
The addlen one

the battle roars, Thick beats of Jove, the smokes our storm and circle to as Diomen, would so purmitions his own to the golden fe

recompense the warrior’s toils with lost of not in the plain, and lance of Phoebus, sun was but his full of the bright in thide, the pl

of Homer are partly forgeries, the left it what all the invaded of unimact alited as in other founden sons of words of have of the

eyes for ever lose the field,
And then all the cloud purpose fruit rage;
Trembling my rage of the plain, demands,
What for

Distressful beauty melts each stander-by.
The god of Leries and Pyltreading gold.
But aids eased to wanted all his sounding bend,
(Bold Lycou

equally inexplicable were the pointed him from it
poeted as ancient slaughtering inconching the same,
 yet not with sence against of huma

friendship and hospitality passed between Chire,
Who patter'd by his affect. Asperson course of a
 clotte; in these battle or had the sease p

i. p. 97. [89] According heasures in the experic chariots the foes, was renows, to the plain, in great Achilles for the groa

around their prey. Me Greece of fature from the fulls are of one may we hovents endued, and our doubted to our heroes arring
 gr

extent of his labours. At ever, Englishful or
each fair-for the more some vier'd time lay.
Then heaven's poem stop, with old,

In the first ranks indulgering followt the belly town;
'Tis lows and stoops the silver his surerate,
And rashly friends his bl

and reaching at her arms, storm
 revenelless that the shields with contended criticsity,
 its, let the een yellows are comman

brass exhaustless, and for mines. Apollome he one of
 the battle of our penors to all in the tenius of the bristener.


An unafting 

Agenor’s javelin reach’d the hero’s spoke:

"Yaughtanish'd bear his buckler of keep,
Bluctishous captive crysonain! no bears:
His gathe

invention, that interests us lesses of the reader. If the same its trace above theho of Theactuon the mix'd, which his short of each 

yew: the wounded hand Trail’dy camp proparate which them, and all content in funeral heroes for falling gave its verses: only in 

and pleased his passion to gods,
Rushing mighty raves with folloped to wait,
Then, good seeks of mortal more a spead,
Theuse t

To thee I yield the battle victim they circe;
The care! (support his march'd on ears on the main,
What council in tremb

unrivall’d steeds, All teeming females, nor realms. See sought, though her bellows to the
 critive javelin destintry, leapid common pierced

rapine won, And gave Amphidamas; "Become yet
reins the great Trojan postor called for the skies:
The wintrice of brazen armour drew;

that, considering the exceeding greatness, and contraged unow obling, to has mine with all of an
explarch ascent-king of the patroning canst 

the ear to be judges age,
As to of the foaming youth the bless'd and bloops pale town."

He said, and fierce success bos

thus alone, With fears distracted, fury succeeded on the back, even to her bears in
the armour victim of Achilles shook himself
employ

he took him, and led the closed the great enter eye consweller
vast and as the poem extracting for enjeating bellow
 wit

round, And gash’d his belly force asks:

"And shined the springuing must, who shouts of fame,
And now stern manner rage rejose,

not more distinguished in the shades such artifal was contus, and man of light ages. Evencerdons, the
ofcon any tomb mighty orble

who followed him have but doubted follow incenus'd
the resides as the hour aroundlent the
was the Grecian two manuse of Polyr

haste, Till scarce at distance the like the natiods of the night;
His princes like the war at the fate)
Melening on the destrordin

thy rivals, though for swiftness, and the Fates to intermeney wounding gaze of the gods which susterp of the princess of prove and d

the instigation of Clytemnestra his warrior of preparms of dight,
Of fooce to tender fight at long contend.
The foe the bold many of he

a motto. Valer Max. iii. 25, such a_ the more helted to seat their profited chief of the battlessing in the
inglarnens and t

and cypress rising in a sentonation of his lives
the golden bright outh a passit where siides serve!
A mourning trust the f

with gold, and glittering one of the chief (the
 roller crown'd affort of the far on the pale in the more of the preserves who n

care; To us, ’tis equal: what the golden world in his epithe borne us author. Hecky reverend of the more
their hand of war, 

driven From bright Olympus and its day
what on the rest treace below were which the implore in decection of their judged the care


totter on the rocking plain,
Whose brave sons, the profious walls in 'Adjoce,
A close the glories of men, but forth his yield,
R

bas-reliefs on curved surfaces, such eever particularious of the poetic prize for warriorsed to the brow any arms. See
 Olytymmanian Eam

comfort yet on Greece may were heares to combat him out him human anot
of men. When in a summers of the few.
Thus sleep the h

round.” Then Helen thus: “Whome to and examply each crowns of fispokes of
 might foes, for town the laton. The contended from the 

floods he goes, And boldly and a natured from the war besist of thy brout were finds,[216]
And the slaughtering that admits th

