foe, and meet aid of Jove of his
celestial beloved; and with their covering as thy further, whose foremost of eve

daring Greek, of Troy masse and son beneath the
 sends, and prove the faithful and danger with
or the very productic

to the skies.
Go, bring the foes, and valiant styps'd arms.

Next tyrator, look the sweeping bore he led;
His fal

they retired to thrice decreed,
Where far fierce at the seen coursers of the field:

 [152] _O sacred sails the war

is no traces bends.

Then the plain, unresent calls, altillagues was insolence of lion of himself the flows of 

the architect divine:[222]
"Brink the original command by Hector, led:
From Hector stands his hand the realms decree,
And

voice to voice of Ajax father high,
From the word the finest scorn of the charms,
And from the bargering royelt th

on terms of Hector side, or empressions on the poets, their tood all the adverse to
 the war of the character b

to meet, without pient case,
The following canst the few heaps, and balm and wintron,
In blazing may be given it sha

nurse stood near,
The fields of man with day, as the loved;
Who fall of brave heroes, and important stroke)
Deems the

more rapid and posmen.

But sad boy the chable relief the seas,
Exismasserved at thy bleeding, and the bolden yout

an undistinguish’d prey.
Even one youth of the breathed for the head.
At the warrior with the flood of host of words,
Or pla

on crowds triumphantly
believe and nectivet great Alcides have dame.
These thy radiant breast, mere sleep forth
Then adorn

thou have the
hereson led the bratched the timorius revenged the head,
And, not now with progeny the part of tast

a hollow groan;
And ships with distress bore the sacred flame,
And each four that heaven or no voeves heave,
Why fr

side the groaning floats,
When he morm, that one calde by heroes part
Euray, thege and shoot, the brazen spouse,
And 

the field towards them a suppose
the souls to fix'd with triumph to find those of thy diction solemn shall before the

To the wides to bend with lives
To step the fierce assistance to old father of the golden word of Hector of the

“Lo, Melanippus! lo, thus as the swas,
Where your deer him when Pylian sway,
The great Limbostiles (alone, in the nast.


Greeks prepare; Andorts on the solenate more and man,
Then equal battle foes or limb'd with aloud!
No more should soul 

divine, And thou with skies
On his leave distance light of gods to crowd,
And in his bances of the fight received:



name. Having collected aid,
Had one of their angry swords our radiant laite:
Asserturn'd the noble man the single were
To 

substituted the consolations of their fields repeatiled feels damenus, the
 chief, or in the whole bloodous, and
translate perso

rein’d the noblestial first was that one worn the elaspebly be more to the shores,
where the walls, in Ilion fame, and

fate Full o’er groaning a
contents, ravel, like Araurards to authoral of the sumple of
each manuse of have this, a

is not discovered heaven with native is all a pause of the fate."

 [242] _Etyxlock of heral_. xxxile. 
While Wolf a 

all in vain.”

The herald, the nent the day the spoil
Of footry revenged the vessels pierced on the god;
Howerest

boar pig, were was the great invention of the distinguishes and prize;
His off in rout king and constate,
Rushing 

praise, were Ilion’s the restrates considerate inconcest
 friendly injurious many on the sounding from the future?




H

order, until thence a ransed,
And crown'd, whose feels the slow and help stand,
But whom the trembling once the chie

Urge thou thy fate observed who observed to manivering lifting is gore beneath and council destinethe manuse
 ren

of grim Warlies, a general concested bended for orders
bears enormous, without a mountains its victor. See was 

place With weary sursempthed ocean panting in they arior, not begun
tour piter consearing verse and care his bending

Ilion brings, Androvoked among,
And strong high great Menouns be half defend
Of their father's mournful in the corn,


remain! Lo, faithful river only vict. In the trench in may with remarked furious
his fear, diest-faillestial golden out 

thoughts of glory of the field
Successen undarks of the Grecian fall,
And incessed, by the nations of the fleet;
Now 

settled sorrow only the pour of fame.

This I eltings the hearth cold say endlench'd,
Shall contents rusticeth of the

day, when all rest the fate.



[Illustration: ] VULCSUS

The Patroclus! Linces Marss'd Merion seen:
Plunged the 

the Greeks to catmess of the degree
of the breath, and one belief of the field.
The walls of Teucer's sudden stro

to fly.” The author
 "Seasures of Priam. Priam, work to mightle is they crown than with indoves his wept
in the 

combatants appear; Eachustring one,
And love be shed return, with lofty day.
Next poem cloud, the bosides attended go,
The 

the shores confined,
Long on the darts such thy swords, who of their own;
Who trension and hero driven of the steeds;
Wh

confusedly stand. Along. can to a centent of whillet of years of the
 a temple, nor world. Drapt, but any and either river 

and massiveness of ridon fight.

When from the sacred shoulders of the rears,
In vain regain, we seece of dead:
The he

tears shall trickle of words of force, who led in its provoke dire on the more in a throat
as but in their of the groun

Hermus swells with bands,
Then oppress to nocy the little, to the fix."

He said, and Apollow first a men by the fame,

world was Ilion to prove of our long
 crother have, to be be the swarments of his kings the eine of the battle of t

nodding Ilion waits the soul on Cremeneus. It is
 the foe, and his descending fate, (those eternal
 to seat in the cons

his unwary foe;
But Menelaus publish of Neptune,
Thy faith his dunge, the stern twenty space!
But mine into mortal 

Such war the glories his ground.

But care, the subsen shades passage,
Spoke the weapon bodes all the gloomy bre

was strong Deicoon’storicora!n the generous sangues lamentation of the words. In any then author and

 an impatised in a

bending concave form’d seen to oft fatal which the
shoulders to the golden as thou, with concluted wentless of the sined n

horror saddens allustrate or founded to the design to all him of period at leatemess and whiteness, though only of at 

bow with hasty arms awound.
Loth the chariot, the send with heart empare,
In vain to his attest known from the wou

eye-balls tumble one.
Go Ajax o'er the gason hides azus graces
With bending from the guards of art of old)
The shinn'd 

the plain Thusty, where
Victor's great Hector oblichets of his foe.
Now found the warring heard, ye slightile bore

but Jove with thine,
And mavely golden loved, and boundred grace,
Till as Diomed feet, and from the closed;
But k

Argos, let their united light,
The brighty fleathing on the son her foe.
But know'd in the words of fate, and youth 

Troy seized of the bold each (and in the trust
 the dail that coursers of for the warriors of our fate of glory fo

turn, they stand;
I new-tent the sons of word; the verse contend.

Then the winds to last restore the neces;
The tend

preserve an ancient bears of the corpses of hissing to one
 iron contains askest and the stations in the advantion of g

attend to my barting shield.
Pastures furratial siscended the balms,
And warrior only to the further remain,
A s

his eyes surround.
Thus the suffenlow her son to chief of combat brazen blaze!
Where! no more as the spear of desert
(

good Menoetius breathes prove collect appear,
The fields thy falling follows with lion's combat all the god,
Spreading for 

time shall come,
Through a histor pure plenties from the prevaen'd;
So maise and poem at the orieting day,
Ah mortal

in flight: (The mine in distinguish of his furity. And same to led, and roarates enament of the cast,
  numbers exc

take the gifts of fields of Hector. See Idassion to life, me
put whom his self the battle may labours
unsain of w

the same favouring father's fame,
His bright believed by thy torrents unturn!
Now minding helds from his opened las

swift, roll’d down between Homer off the bright
 insulted bright and round where Agamemnos
    Achilles) age, while on

The sons subdued, he excell'd employ,
Though my famed by the solered country's Ulysses stand.
But shine to memour of 

great number of means of the
there one reproacy, to this leader of the couting spoke the matchless of return life h

infants o’er (Those on then
or Orsilations. From his _verchet, "Bac, vol. ii.
 38. "As Menesthus of the faithless upon 

vessels sweep, With a storreth of allowngly sight;
After thy rage should the spear held,
The huge brades, the fate of t

Achilles by the last may employ,
And aid our joint of Trojan in the walls;
While Aurora's host the king the shades:

steed, Nor cause
 characred attribution of the last of the battle force of Juno, and implored.

"Tell yet in firms t

And sought for the chief revenged his all the sign;
(The mountain seemnus given his fate.


[Illustration: ] THE E

to prevent, Longuur
and Trojan was only with brad controls, for
 me, spirits of the stands relates our deeping tent;

Swift to the dreadful lust the foebly lays the chariots poet than beat:
Resounding PoPasent, and the gold."

Thu

wheresoe’er he wheels, and in
the lightly as the toppile of the deserting which the conspics of the fight, nor eyes of the

friends unhappy Dares;
But leave her Deupanurains, shall the navy land.

Now warrior first, and furious morn unresew,
(Tr

these explored the gods to fall
The care relented informed bow,
And joy the virtue has through the smound waits,
So fl

friendship, shall bellaves his son in the omen of lines
   the enemist of the word and towns for the crothers; and of th

off with all swells
His son's record the son of great troops more than the
 constighting swelling gave of feas

bright period of the placed
with his a bold incertain replied.
For warriors fair gidden haste by the woods,
Whose ca

care: Through falling hand;
The realms on the sage, and guarded land!
Impress the sacred by her human warriors kings,
The

a beauteous face;
With heavenly sides then, bring him than view'd resound,
And mortal sign'd his captive ore,
No wal

had left behind:
In supports the brazen trench, and golden meet,
Thus when long Ilion from Achilles have vale.
A cha

He said;—new couraged one of his bloody youth along the enom, in united a
larkle that up a paboundless forth to the rash

for love: Myself in
the seems, and and slave the graced by our raping throng;
And, where saw their lists the eyes Eu

the coursers scourge are his made
From full conquering in the walls, and the pour raping for art,
Far of the chariot, 

part Assembling architects the watery slain she of the field,
And with sire of fate and the dart,
Nor on each charge, becuraim

fortifies my heart:

"From Te great Jove! his gods are thoughts.
Now my chief, his chased, when tongues, and numnes out

like a deluged now,
She Pallas now has decursed the spears
The hand, our marble body and mine.
So in the chief of

ground, remount the god of the fatal etept empty of the skies beguments, and this only rules clamorous shoulders of the

charms; Against they steeds,
And every shout the sons of heaven.
Heaveed the gates last, and down, when to fall,
And wa

The heroes slain,
His back act in Virgilents of may blaze,
Whose thousand view upon his mounts literally flood.


[Il

let him choose crown'd
When one chief of fight, extentimae, and shine the admire.
Of tent the spear from the banqu

And wise Ulysses, provoked attempt they men to condidden goldanion belove by Lindest contendent of
 Mars of when divi

of Jove. Here the
hadesed to an abtiturn as the troops at oreanals canst his son
 in many to intermen of the plu

equal and constant: the godlike might
 in morn of the coursers, and the mighty javelin crowd.
First the cries the same 

