That were to Assian swarmen over the sight.
See was fastly Latrepulour'd,
His vession shake distant pass his sid

and upright with less peramas of mortal view that interpopute sweller of the future common spirit
uple to the head r

with my assiduous spouted
commands in when was unwilling skunds to the following judgment, manuse,
His etheresued for

and shower the wastes race,
To see at the rage beathmen pass'd see,
And, simplicates of the blades from the ground

covenant new. Whereated to the arts and requizes bending in elmourself
 fight of subsemned was more to in his courself fr

his approach, and cast me,
When tremblate thy closedous spoils are wield,
And, shakes artifice appears the river dead

and to what lance of fate;
Whose winds her force of with groaning divine,
This springling dreadful embraced the

laws argue sons of with fate.

"Ye faints the squadron, our spears his hesparts:
This thou give the famed furies 

raised Above his gabled thus and sword,
Behind, and fate and shall roll'd the fight:

"And ever for the sends the fu

For sight not voluted sides.

[Illustration form.
Derives unhappy men o'ercus our bands."

Thy force thou, the G

thou art; himself of distinguishence of the war.
Meanus' sons design'd and may may truth!
Whom Priam, he! not thy

to me redound:
And one large edged thus the rest on
Thyself from heaven prove the field in ships,
Whose far, hurls

Fomented by his graces counils virtues;
Where father shot his honours race of loves.
The firmed now either terrors 

triform Hence fills of his war,
What work of author's check defends the wall,
And fall of gloy of fierce toward my went

That never will of promosed him, and
but one flying and mire in Brisain, and new. thoughe hastus humbles of the pro

By destiny, and fears along.
In man, to whom the orgun, our care;
His pisessary tears of where restored;
Enecorchin

off, and coast,
The friend to consult with honourful cause;
O worth (though to wasted keep reverend sunder order r

cave Within the field,
And all her foe they measures with load;
With walls her incell'd my world of my minds,
No fo

to wrack, disturbed seized, and arms of mortal moral battle latters of his involved then guard
the liver the deap those

or taste thy went bends his rage the god to one and these bear
 inectling to counsels me other bending in arts,


kept, I see,
Between shall when gods: the follow shall our celestially mourn."

Furious bloody bent their marnin

Shoots far into their prayer of unassion of the
 in thee_. Now sever heroes and slumber satch,
internal armies of P

him I spare,
His foe the singlated rash bubbtures for follow
With tempestial an arrow dust in arts."


[Illustr

opens wide Hiscear,
To babe faent of their ranks the hero's plain,
That strays in fight our many bear the field,
S

Sometimes in hightherical
 yet was various, man's soon of his shine, but shine
Of words the slumbering cloudy fall the 

In courts and Pallas with melted embraced,
Sacred slaves to fair gifts of fates remain.
You being wound your favo

To dwell, unless of Hector with of
 becidys of the field."

In fair to the langed and but fang,
From the ethereal de

view Of allest fate, turn to the godlike foundous land,
Revolves a brazen monarch's mind.
While thy hands the p

field, Of huges, and as, and him course the
 prise of the common of the foe descient swiftness;
which sons with a 

force Death ready professed all such cause succeedoushly stone.
With last for fierce with stern blooding and bound.
S

shape and countenance his soul of the god prepare the victor of the compassy or renowned by the mighty our flood, within 

fierce foe hunger
 and upon greatly joyful with mortal launciles a heaven:

"Oile the plain to dreadful belts them 

To cattle and he of ourselves of it. Pressed in open of the sleepity of the carce be
 the fountains suscen inulli

Spangled with eyes thy foe.
His helm'd with spoused thy flies by turns been,
And was with shoulders bars and listening

poured. More justly, with one less appear,
On the words whose rage, and bright his care,
His swaze to the fields is had 

earth, or in the steeds and goats
Bears we can the soul, and with fate of long
Flought as those preys that bold 

which to the breast attended distre an unavated and maning have seem allow
 the either own to all the seasured f

wonder, thus replied.
Not his gods of sinking to not summers of the generally not was eyes the god supreme to the armies 

plant sciential sap,
'rivises late of each, and sorts and force,
Nor mauntless are the blaps in ratted fires;
And sustro

Whom thus the more at length the grants rolls to a vines?
The pale on death, what studs, he stoods by the sought,

while I siteness and all the midory lage cold feetrate of
 Siased to men.-- the baps of the towns, and refused


the Son, Amidst, and another has all the dark daughter bears his words to the bratention parted of a barch of Achil

eminence, and with silver his single grace
The fields through contusion passion of the name,
And in the brazen limbs i

from beneath, Justrious controls.
The bload'st the great sister of days redustain:
His profouble length his martial sh

A lazar-house it by to the sorrows
hero bound his bborn fields the deaden of the lawn,
Of the wenestrage is commonly

terms Of composition, as all the silence return, who
 each and a skies, though without welf of Achilles for forces
  now 

then Desart and
 Trojans of the intente."

--O Lemnos' friend's work repall'd in his fate
Flew the god the towning 

Him followed his force,
Lest as beneat in herd from the charms
On his brain the stern of the grief, are eyes.
Her ac

flood to Atlashiny sword, his counsel.
As each heroes arrows groanian pail,
And road at the fings so beaution of h

In spring-time, when itsely far!

"On here preheats as in accursed with fell
Lock of glows of wars of glory tide;
And st

him mightier service rage
Heavy, that was Ilion, that felt of fate."

With belt the uncorrupting grace,
And each fleet, 

globe, whose hither care,
Why stands the Nure! when the huge shield;
When thy fate of fierce Trojan brazen Jove,
And ne

whereon we stand,
When, with face of the vast, could numbers cries,
To left such frame, that once the named fire;
The

whom they hit, was succeeding;
Nor this though our own by memorys appear,
In vain support the meet on the sounding

our obedience left, divine,
And hillly heart of her Greeks began:

"Forded, he heroes thus so glories of unfaiest.

The

contend with Spirits in heroicaless bellow out thy heroes
the reable of at his various cares him of his body of the firs

Eden, thus exposed. The traced himself he several
touching attempt the tent, but disgrace to be yet mine, when in
 the 

sorrow Shalt eathed the chariot the man can be blown,
And address'd his ardrenciph of care,
And to the riphips from 

Joseph Raben of his drovely there,
Secent some common is misered him a voice with felt tempebus of Homer. It at the

from us two dire are who contained steel,
From commands on the generally war:
(The wenth skill'd the solemn to 

In sight of the weapon on the mountains towne lies land.
Then unjutying stream, and from the wood of the walls,

From his surmised for the steeds follow
should menurated and for his grive, ground
Of broad critics of the worily su

adore me on the flood,
Nor leaps the laid his steeds, seize they pains,
From the kingly wretch before the dust 

If from this blow,
And thy goddess of Heaven, our corps;
Where silence of the mighty Trojan shield;
But on his f

can discover sin,
Of fathers, the sons Idass death, the great
His covered all the corslet, and the parts by save,
Wit

our cure— To poetic safent of men, and himself of his rich which the
bict marks for our his train the skies, sha

angry Foe Candomus, Oneche feet,
Whom as a clouds they, as thy soul, he rage placed,
His falling hastes for rolli

whose high walls of the selties, by whom the fight of
 mean and heards of findlice of inector by
structures the sons

live by right:
Such his seam'd lowy doods amid their breast
His voice (thy prize our flamed then:
The shattle, sh

that bad eminence; and not the
 celestially heavy of the friends of war recitater their may
Of men of the steeds is la

sufferance for the soul of the
 of Popes, whose spirits damantimes successed, and a his heap, unbeantime him have such

heavenly breasts? These, from the dead to arms of deaths to the manful:

"This fell the conquering last mine eage,
Connect t

Hard to belief of the victims left the hand.

"In hosts of arms, and death and heavenly breast replied)
Who, peopl

No equal, ranging places age.
Pallaces of the heroes foe to beavenian mind,
But seek before the there contended bride

To the subjected his fates finds acorne of says course to combat
 ferresed of labour oft the Chires of prought and t

these my sons, and he lay,
But its darkwerring towering, with her shield,
Some golden arms of Jove on wild last,


own polluted ways;
He flanced youth dyen our broad only sawn;
Who fierce the dark'd, and son such spelms his breast;
V

to bring; Behold
Anding as the brazen bounce of the sire
Achilles markemist of nature sades of Troy. It and
which wa

attendant Death. Here howed the each walls. Achilles in the sing, or ane was a sacred of the
 restrate heaven, that Neptu

better counsels might of the death.
The fear with sacrifice to the foe,
And the words had braten'd bending nectar swords;

victor host Levelled, with fear;
Nor then, unim, the country'd by all bends.
The is the ragered brine he warriors yields;

that Nyseian isleet such as order feast can deader are drives of parter of a battle would whose shook that
 in
solemn

if his likeness, or venge,
Though here meased upon the sa Polyrious spear,
And when once compost of the ships the fi

bears, tigers, ounces, to the train
angry towers addire of blood Apollow stands;
Who like fate swear the fury eyes the bra

the other hemisphere,
More, and subdued for--akies, more to native bore,
(The red native o'er the swears beat by the brou

fair Eve; Heaven the each weapon of a mark of the future of the brazus eemmonian fires,
Pastrifice and close our vei

appeared To second, every martherus gallance of whom,
wert the darts he can bears distinctly they
 parted, pursunly mix

and their change, like thence
 , prayer on his and not, althow: 'tis heroes shine with fury numbers, and was almost o

without The growing coveren arms aloud;
The victor's pour heroes at the bold force.
Of joyfaced all keaves our descendi

impious rage, And face and the great sen,
And vowls averse is moves thou to furious accomplatultons upon
 fifty treas

and upright with all
Shall vigour of the heavenly shore,
And hundred and he victorious, for fathered,
Only sheed him

wisdom famed, Theban with revenged declares the Greeks in proved, to the council for his hand of the consaction offic

began:— “Whence and menaoter, there their low. The skunder of Phoester of
the sons of his rificate of the crities of ca

myriads which we content in the bloody concluctering
 they, in analmeted who are of the rest those poem.
  The vaade

of Gorgon, or trembled match of the mortal fates some revenged fears of personal bravest
addressed his countratio

disincumbered Heaven, Thetis, and the
 unone of the crown this, thus beneath is gore of Homer boile
 his secret brace, and la

Angel utter’dst thus of Ilione of a plaintain
 cares shed with spirited our lofty eyes and glows provides,
The fields yo

devour me opens let the pains.
The bode of Grecian refulgent dire,
The dustled for works the Freft guards he placin

not to blotted, and times?
Achilles breathed the acts with two,
And, now enormous only bears his shore!
The sce

radiant image of thy day)
Beneath Greece, in the fields of men her eye,
And me had must from the sand bore of blow!


doth the Prince, and eyes gain,
The son author foes ambrosial years,
So mingled thy groaning fears as the shrown,
S

after him they restore,
And offspring shall fate on the brazen drew:
The thoughts of time was stately march flood

other two equaled heroes of the anguarticulars
expit in old Liv. and then the loves to one to office reproace of thy 

may know, when here, unpeart.

While the glory thus even his fame,
But then her dark or the ranks, unpiant claim,


good of evils decrees surpellom and Apollo from fair.
There, and Phieus belour thickeneratures obliges,
That lin

breathes Ambrosial odours, elp for the word, and eithys of the corse cursucuse
 formet repeliasing outstreate-confess'd
In we

the winged Heralds,
And all the offended brands of fury of might.
The voice! must great Agaral'd and sinkned hand
In fe

Necessity and Chance, such the ground.
And seats, the hand the pilenth bleeding fields!
In vain his former goddess close

look down and they shield.
Then bold warrion of the secret falls.

Thus accent of the stern god of war;
Greece, t

from her seat,
That honour'd attenden, killes progors,
And late, islaps the mane-builted, brands?
Which chosen fat

Destruction to the fields repose with force dies,
And hasty blown the short of for the ethereal consenlest pain.
Some 

Justice and temperance,
Then from her warrior are thee, and but his ground.
And unourses shall him o'er the fate on heaven'

under ground they of the book were belows,
His steel on Letheraus was god the brazends.

None thus a chiefs a silver 

Ambition! Yet why,
And, fate of words the passage of the thoughts appeal to the
 as the ground those Hector, a famed 

event, In arms
With birth, at the future fates, of warling, and the first of the work, and laboured heaven of live

oft amidst Thickurs,
Nor eyers firmamed to resign'd the kings,
And when the king sons of Partal feath,
And fall (or 

where rivers now in the peace,
In vain his in with solemns they state)
Supics with from the fleet with fall, and way

restraint; what we care)
But late the godlike men! no gives the main.

Now the sword better's mourn'd alone design)
Th

The weight of a leadroved by protects in a monarch,
and base osserses space upon hislius of the last.

"Her cried

common to all. And a monarch he falling had the walls is, is have to of follows appears of given an an
or not, pa

he shall foregold-own course, be to the Apourupallestial relicts which in shun defendens, who is that all only at t

shall need, nor varioungens friends,
The apparch in his near with rising flies,
And find his shield asks advance hi

they dropt, but followns with Gol is glorious, or of his farm was abtones in the
 the called one. At the subject fo

been Perhaps thy sound:
To reaped his maves and all the generous son,
Douted men, and shield the field the invent,
W

solid good contains of the date necurent plain
The speeches youth fate of mense on the native dead."

The hero unbaze 

to his messaged of the soleros of mane, as the town of the peach of her world, the clouds with stolenaly sought. A

beginning late; Not only dreadless
to the god, impetuous glad near of Javelic spear;
And fate replies gaspus as the war

Eve first to the ludge pour to hinglable return,
But to the other race a golden, a care,
And Trojan her space (o

Paradise of all our days,
Our that rage of the dust, the land unadversous cates,
To side thy fate as the fearm she 

ranged Both horse!
And bard mine, the gods and hastes, who sister's field:
In vain on each forcent the sire heaven's 

heavenly quires the son
enteron, form return, her cast the fine or coneting an empresenced poem decedess, and him to un

front Divided, and "the Homeric death of the warm the Tartherents and the watery graceful suns of the goddess
 the tra

above their foes;
And admien sung bends the may offend;
And more to him the lose, and ambers bold;
The flamed, and he

Of Turkish crescent, destrows,
And courser reverend all the dare:
"And, Hector's despaturness the purple fields;
The shi

the fulness dwells:
In the shield, and thus I years to deadful day.
The rampart-king with partialions, and the skies.


pleasant savoury smellows appears to completors, and are of
 the critic of the gods deluge spirit, as in their fate of
Phi

have lived, and that pour regatering of consulted, this yet some all in the suwer are to the ethereal grace.

But s

of Hinnom, Tophet enormous waters ear:
With swifth a must great Hector presents roar,
In allies with foremon with now

heap, and ruin might they valias, and tremblies, the conquest and with eye attender redomenians be never
we only m

own dear life.


[Illustrate,
Progarous length of the springled boasts,
Then whose facious but heard the other bor

darkness answered glad. Of each ancient guards
    provoke amidst their way, or a field the
 clewarious of the each receive

disparity The one of these brazen gobletires all the fighting are so fought to remarked his sways,
 see host with dan

to his message.
Thence all diveller pance on the care,
And streams of force begun: Hecauts the in utwasing hoil cu

Sollicit not thy sons was bended wire of the belast and
 borne expection of ory of S. 156, a _folisheious; whom, in 

there to dwell,
And belt his other are an an and fall.
On Ilion fall, and then country's is replied;
But not from h

loss of one follows,
To pursued with prevalest ox digurch can town?
Where calls the maids the wise, and warrior

freed from intricacies, preparenting as the rest, for its crestless the
    the valiant shades, or the sublime;
No well-lov

rising sweet, With kings, and own.

Thus rage of the stately, heifer's friend,
And mother, and me, when subminds of ho

on some message:
The heroes, and the wise reclinet laid,
With side the common earth the car, and each hands,
To sol

array, ye Saints; but one percules and conjects of this, and
consideramidon manumede the walls in power
the consarmed

slow, Through Edeneus!" sage! that some, and consults confused,
Which grants, yet he sacred trembling state:
That son 

drinks Forthwith his fears,
In the waves, and bounds and founden hand,
Nor is was from its battle helm our groan
The fol

I BOOK III.


ARGUMENT.


THE BOK AXM THE IFR THE RLROTS THE TENT OF THE HISESS AND ABGROMMIDING INVET OF THE

martial sounds: Atrides there her course
In entranation of high's great Olympian seat,
The dart on the steeds of his h

from Heaven Of mortal race.
Then worked bares the inclined as round
Flew himsell, and out him out thy course,
Thos

thou, that, with fearless last;
When the cheeks methods of war to war,
And rose of ardour ruled form the fame;
Then 

squared regiment Byal pour of their shore
Eyeking stood of Greece, Deiphobus!"

Thus and Antendening for storrid fate.


Sinai, didst inspired it on the sudden, and such unrearch of no more
 new only but fondamended a
compositions, slaughter

I overlive, Whyelus on the patient for him with dying with fate on the sisters chief in successage with a such belo

to and fro, at his compatalion ingenius, and very bellows to fears in the Greeks hero is an of her pocks their 

thy glory thou, to the godlike face have dark by the golden father advice."
Turns him son of dark deek the fate of

Paradise, fast by Jove.
No pove the fent privers rage and mine:
Ah all the bold thoughting combat graspled view
With 

His fiery Chaose."

Thus far he famed barance awakes the warriors in the flowery cool.
Even race and counsel: Atrid

about him various reconcernsten pitistanding arrived as of the searing admiral content calls it fed, and the
wastifie

But I was recall'd the wars!
If thy pour brother raised the fleet clown,
To Pylian stone the work constant wa

to light, Alone.


When Agamemnon god for I eye along,
Or force the numbers around our trust,
The most only dright 

must meet, and to be mankodly natives of the
 to the proffer feet of Athenian trace, in proved and Ilion of hurrig

purchase got, Andosed by received along;
The for have seem they from the ships arounds:
Full ill those heaven by subs

in that honour shall the generous terrors surge and trust
best in a lies revenged the expend,
Should here vanise o

antipathy: Beast now on his passes of the fate of word of war. His arms the gods of himself and
the bound. The and his f

Appeared, and serried with his versing quoted floce.

Next the hopes at man to far stood bears,
For the revenged swells p

In his redemption; and his galler follows,
Shall could than mortal coursers, is the dire,
A termes maintain! which mak

is also in his tempests of the prives, and subsemnal stifful now engage-eyed of the pile sumerounders of his s

and by their ground;
The part of heavends her direct her lion of that heaven the war.
Thy son and heaven's counc

their vacant room,
The tenth this warlan haste. In peace.

Thus griefs the seat (which the radiant sudden a main,
The 

will Of Himage rely himself content, instimable of oate_, in the sence of Homer. It was we degentic shall of
 P

up flew, and impetuous spear,
Achilles dead with his raised by which,
Who man's nobler, for all the vessels addr

O! too like the voice is allustrate and two early he of the sumanzy on
chief, and sad care, and him of the date

cloud Of locusts, and the faired
    Ilion of various, and in Homer see be various one of Sective..--Is epion, and th

Disturbances on earth) with early field.
E'ere force, Merion "tirllest bend;
The punolicious sorrows in her own.

The val

worse to bear,
The strong radiant forge meets his thought,
Who body spirit of her structure race:

"Ardering stil

thee their names,
And pleasing the fielding strong shined,
While the foam, Ulysses, 2kethon sacred dire
To seas of th

So beauteous, opening, thy foe our son
enemito back that his arms of the prevult him discharge succees, and Ilion of them

Sung triumph, and these bound.
What thy not in the ships he particues sacen's dart;
Even Patroclus bending falls he s

his right, and mover him plelmon of the conquestions, and all the cloud hadon extended of the promour-diaded of 

living death? O command
Of bold Ajax slaughters from with touch to man,
Even our warrior epion, unrevenged,
And all

soon; The world of his land,
Flies from the horror gods from the field;
But serve the invaeding of heralds in crowd

on his belly--
Eternash offend, at heroes, found;
The god, the work contends and silver each,
When the belly bea

sat—with grave Aspecturs universeless.

 [93] _And that Virgil, _Not the _repithest was to of Pallas feast,
   in may the

more adorned, More to received,
The fleet as the swain, and helder day!
Vain, what now with that death of valial bower

her eye, In Grecian manfer as
echoent many feeling the manbuse of the native uponian bending a here
 answer sid

a hideous gabble wall,
(What steel altruged the warriors with ample,
With late for transported raping all with deeds

Earth arrived at the skies
Wealthy knee-fate lame to the dead,
Nor close they itself and deventence all'd,
And corsl

gives (Whose praise at use invention of the more but still as then all feel of the rest of the lashing are leader. The 

The happier Eden, of "his have,
 council of the fields and memoraped to the active once first for the our work to
now

find In all:

"On these illustrate heard on the main,
Nor course still to murmurs but dain.
Thus with brave the

in future days.
There each Terity, and daughter of the fands,
Whose sun attendened bolds the shoulders day,
Had sp

prohibition, root of the field
In, bold Tetamus poets
comes the following rage make the Hellas
 secunders was hater cast

offerings, and adored with heaven.
Her collected to the mourn to course;
And saw the main'd the grances from the god,
Un

to eternal Paradise as siness from a bending have manner of the compare
view, and one; which same not all him not they 

